Genereux Philip|GOD IS MY PROVIDER I BRAG DIFFERENT, THROUGH HIM ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|When life gets you down do you wanna know what you’ve gotta do? . . . Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.
Evans Biya|As long as there's breath in the flesh, there'll always be desire for more. Being content is a gift, other millionaires and billionaires actually die empty and less fulfilled.
Evans Biya|One thing I have learnt in this life, is that you got to have Jesus.
Trevor Noah, Born A Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood|Learn from your past and be better because of your past, but don't cry about your past. Life is full of pain. Let the pain sharpen you, but don't hold on to it. Don't be bitter.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Emotional intelligence is making a huge mistake, but learning from it, forgiving yourself, and setting new and higher related-standards below which you will never operate.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Science is good, is not God.
Harrish Sairaman|The day you discover the GOD within, your quest to meet GOD outside stops!!!
Harrish Sairaman|Just because the roads were bad in the past we drive slow but if we still continue the same way on the highway of Life, you can never ‘Accelerate
Harrish Sairaman|If you think the world is a tough place, it time to change your lens!!!!
Harrish Sairaman|You can only give and display what you have if you are frustrated with others you are quite a frustrating person and if you are loving others, you are a lovely person!
Fakeer Ishavardas|As per the law of karma, that which is your meat today, this dear beloved animal will make mincemeat of you tomorrow. In another birth.
Germany Kent|Don't spend your life wondering "what if" and worrying over something you have no control. What's done is done. Looking backwards will cause you to miss out on new blessings ahead. Move on.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In moments when you feel that life is unbearably heavy, surrender yourself to the circumstances for a while! When life hits you hard and makes you fall down, take a rest on the ground for a while! Momentaneous non-resistance will give you time to gather your strength!
Toni Aleo|But one of the big lessons I have learned from my journey is you can't please everyone, so don't try.
Muhammad Talha|The longer you hold on to your anger, the more damage & harm it can do. But I think life should have given us someone who could understand every feeling we hide behind our smile. A best friend maybe.... Someone, you feel comfortable with.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Envision life as you're juggling 6 balls. The balls are called faith, work, family, health, friends, and integrity. But one day, you realize that work is a rubber ball. If dropped, it will bounce back. The other 5 balls faith, family, health, friends, & integrity are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be surely scuffed, nicked, or even shattered. Grasp this concept and you will have the beginnings of balance in your life.
Lailah Gfty Akita|Life, life.
Matthew Kelly|If you don't know what you want form life, everything will appear either as an obstacle or a burden. But one of the greatest lessons of history is that the whole world gets out of the way for people who know what they want or where they are going. Be assure, if you don't know where you are going, you are lost.
Gift Gugu  Mona|Some lessons are learnt the hard way, but worth it.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|In the struggle between yourself and the world, side with the world
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|But these were days of self-fulfillment, where settling for something that was not quite your first choice of a life seemed weak-willed and ignoble. Somewhere, surrendering to what seemed to be your fate had changed from being dignified to being a sign of your own cowardice.
Germany Kent|Be the girl you want your daughter to be. Be the girl you want your son to date. Be classy, be smart, be real, but most importantly be nice.
Jodi Lynn Anderson|I wonder that if you keep growing and changing like you're supposed to, if you always end up embarrassed about how stupid you used to be. Every year I realize how dumb I was the year before.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I had an enemy - myself. Getting rid of the ego-self, in came the Self. Now, here, there, everywhere is nothing else. Just One Self.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Naked we were born, naked shall we return to grave. What then is the toil?
Lailah Gifty Akita|We shall know how to live better, if we read the Holy Bible.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the grace of the Truth, re-examine all that you have been told.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Life is a battle of wits between you and the circumstances. Make them, don't let them make you.
Germany Kent|Think about every good thing in your life right now. Free yourself of worrying. Let go of the anxiety, breathe. Stay positive, all is well.
Nicole Adelle Flamer, The Moor's Golden Helmet|What is it when your former life becomes your dreams? The things you took for granted are now in that mystical realm where you can only see them with your eyes closed, ephemeral and distant.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is sometimes to be a monkey with a monkey, to be a dog with a dog, a bird with a bird, water with water, tree with tree! It is a great wisdom to interiorize the mind of others, in other words, to make their spirit our own spirit!
Germany Kent|When you focus on being the best person you can be, you draw the best possible life, love, and opportunities to you.
Joyce Rachelle|If difficult times teach us the most important lessons, we should then learn to read difficult books.
ANIKOR Daniel|Acquisition of wealth thus not in any way make you relevant in the scheme of life; you are relevant by the lives you positively affect, which spans down to generations after you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|With the same habit of mind, even if you live thousands of lives, all will be the same! Get a different habit of mind to get a different life!
Rehan Waris|What you need, is an Event, to remember for a lifetime.
Dougie Brimson, Billy's Log. The Hilarious Diary of One Man's Struggle With Life, Lager and the Female Race|To be fair, her expected hatred of all things male has not materialised because it is clear that she simply dislikes everyone. I suspect that this is an attempt to remain aloof from the minions but it has backfired badly. The women, who were looking upon her as a potential saviour, now regard her as a traitor to her sex. The blokes are just relieved.
Saaif Alam|An intellectual person is always confident about his or her own words when he or she communicates with another individual or the public. However, a person with very low intelligence quotient will express to others what cognitive and/or common knowledge he or she has.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Blood of Elves|If Elirena was a hero, if what she did is heroism, then that's just too bad. Let them call me a traitor and a coward. Because I, Yarpen Zigrin, coward, traitor and renegade, state that we should not kill each other. I state that we ought to live. Live in such a way that we don't, later, have to ask anyone for forgiveness. The Heroic Elirena... She had to ask. Forgive me, she begged, forgive me. To hell with that! It's better to die than to live in the knowledge that you've done something that needs forgiveness.
Auliq-Ice|Days come and go, but the only thing that remains within you are the lessons that you learn by each passing day.
Auliq-Ice|Life doesn't give you much, but for the ones who want to learn, life teaches them how to be strong before they start living their lives instead of just existing in this world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Gospel of peace, must be preach to all people.
Katie McGarry, Red at Night|Thank you Jonah."  He lowers his head at the break in my voice. I ignore the moisture in his eyes and pretend that mine don't sting.  "For what?" he whispers.  " For showing me that people can change. Even if it is one person out of a million.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Let your child see you doing a good deed instead of you telling him or her to do it, and the little child shall one day grow up to become a real kind human being.
Abby Rosmarin, Chick Lit and Other Formulas for Life|She might've previously veered off track and landed straight into chick lit land, but how many chick lits had the main character recognize how unpredictable life is and then apologize to those she had hurt when she tried forcing things to fit in placr?
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Life is a manifestation of the unified field of consciousness. Colors, beauty, pleasure and pain are its songs of creation.
Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me|Puzzles are sort of like life because you can mess up and rebuild later, and you're likely smarter the next time around.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you concentrate on the road too much, you will miss the view and when you do the opposite, you will miss the road! Life is an art of catching both the road and the view!
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Sorry” we all say “Sorry” for the wrong things we say and do. But do we always think about the people we love dearly who we say hurtful things to? I don’t think so because if we had think about it sorry wouldn't have become such a popular word today. Sometimes we say so much and act immature as adult. We didn't take the time to realize how much hurt and pain we put that individual in we never took the time to think of the reaction, the feelings and the consequence that we might have to face if what we do turns out to be a matter of life and death.!!!
Dr. Seuss|It's not about what it is, but about what it can become.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|If you hear a song that makes you cry and you don't want to cry anymore, you don't listen to that song anymore. But you can't get away from yourself. You can't decide not to see yourself anymore. You can't decide to turn off the noise in your head.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|When has life listened to anyone?It goes on at its own pace...Limping, when we wish it should run,And when calm desired, sprinting as in a race…
Saaif Alam|When you work hard in a job that suits your living standards, never greed for fortune because you will distract yourself from fulfilling other important priorities and participating in leisure activities in your current life. You will eventually gain the fortune if you set up a wise investment goal by having pride and confidence on your savings.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|You could be the smartest person on earth, but nobody will care if you can’t carry yourself the right way.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|But she’s going to have a lot of problems."THAT’S WHAT LIFE IS ALL ABOUT. SO I’M TOLD. I WOULDN’T KNOW, OF COURSE."What about reincarnation?"Death hesitated.YOU WOULDN’T LIKE IT, he said. TAKE IT FROM ME."I’ve heard that some people do it all the time."YOU’VE GOT TO BE TRAINED TO IT. YOU’VE GOT TO START OFF SMALL AND WORK UP. YOU’VE NO IDEA HOW HORRIBLE IT IS TO BE AN ANT."It’s bad?"YOU WOULDN’T BELIEVE IT. AND WITH YOUR KARMA AN ANT IS TOO MUCH TO EXPECT.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|You are always attracted towards what you can't be or what you are not or what you will never be.If you don't know who you are, just know who you aren't. Simple Introspection.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Between the MilesI have always counted the miles.Sometimes they came quick,Other times slow.The distance between things,The way I could know.Close could feel far,And far could feel near.The miles that passed too quickly,The ones I ran out of fear.They weren’t all the same,So I had been told,The unmarked trails,And the days I was bold.Some miles went down,Spiraling so low,When I was afraid to look forward,There was nowhere to go.The sunset came fast,And the day turned to night,But the trails could be endless,If I looked at them right.Everything I knew,All I was told,The conversations left behind,The people who grew old.When the miles stretched out before me,I wanted to sew them at the seam,Looking forward and then back,Holding everything in between.
Friends with benefits|You wanna lose weight? Stop eating fatty!You wanna make money? Work your ass off, lazy!You wanna be happy? Find someone you like and never let him go.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Were I but perfectly normal, I would just not be.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|The grass on the other side will always be greener.But, you will want to go on that side to check how green your side was.
Rebecca Raisin, The Little Antique Shop under the Eiffel Tower|Some days, my life flashes before me in the blink of an eye, until I get to the scenes I wish I could change, and they play over again and again, until I can't see straight. Promise me though, you'll stop pouring every ounce of yourself into work. Save a part of your life for something else.
Rebecca Raisin, The Little Antique Shop under the Eiffel Tower|I chose to remain single because I couldn't commit to one person. But it isn't easy. There are plenty of times when I wonder if I made a huge mistake with some of the men I've loved and let go. Maybe I would have enjoyed love, after the dizzying rapture faded, and was replaced with something more fulsome? Truer, deeper? But I never gave it a chance. And that might have been a huge mistake...
Rebecca Raisin, The Little Antique Shop under the Eiffel Tower|Regret is such a miserable word. But there have been plenty of times alone, where I wished I took the risk and gave someone my heart, and not just a sliver of it. After one stumble, you've pulled the shutters down. Closed up shop. I'm just saying, don't waste your life protecting your heart, or you'll get to the end of it and realize it wasn't worth it.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|No matter what happens, we always have a choice. Even when it seems that there is no option, there is always something else that can be done. What happens in our lives is the result of decisions that we make... "Always Remember the destiny reflect, into a choice we made.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|History, too, has a penchant for giving birth to itself over and over again, and those whom it appoints agents of change and progress do not always accept their destinies willingly.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo|You should know this about the rich: they always want to get richer. It is never boring, getting your hands on more money.
Nina George, The Little French Bistro|...Time had seemed infinite when she still had many years and decades ahead of her. A book waiting to be written: as a girl, that was how she had seen her future life. Now she was sixty, and the pages were blank. Infinity had passed like one long continuous day.
Gift Gugu Mona|Some lesson are learnt the hard way, but worthy.
Arundathi Roy, The God of Small Things|only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how, And how much.
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|If I really start tweeting about you, 'even the sky will fall in love with me.
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|If you really wanna be a part of my life, you will get wet with the rain of tweets, be ready for that too. With love yours soulmate.
Jellis Vaes|But something happened when I got out into the world, something that changed me. It was the reconnection of being at one with yourself and with this world.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|There is joy in every circumstance. Although the beginning is/might be bitter, there are valuables lessons in between that bring joy.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|There's joy in every circumstance. The beginning is bitter, but in between, there are valuable lessons that bring joy.
Jellis Vaes|Understand one thing very clearly. Because all this: your time, this world, your life in it and all of those opportunities, they have a deadline.
Daryl Gregory, Spoonbenders|The problem with getting old was that each day had to compete with the thousands of others gone by. How wonderful would a day have to be to win such a beauty contest? To even make it into the finals? Never mind that memory rigged the game, airbrushed the flaws from its contestants, while the present had to shuffle into the spotlight unaided, all pockmarked with mundanities and baggy with annoyances.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|We are all on stage, my dear. Sometimes we forget our lines, but luckily an offstage helper can whisper our lines to us until we get back on track.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The quality of our lives lives, depends on the quality of our thoughts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you have to do the work, it well.
Brooke Stonex|Your life is your story, so make choices that will write it the way you want it to be written
Lailah Gifty Akita|What we believed, we become.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If only we wait on God's timings, we shall eat of the best fruits from the tree of life in the garden of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we listen, we shall learn.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|I don't regret anything I've ever done in life, any choice that I've made. But I'm consumed with regret for the things I didn't do, the choices I didn't make, the things I didn't say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have to answer to. "What if..." "If only...""I wonder what would have..." You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.
Barbara Delinsky, Coast Road|It´s like you get started in one direction and pick up speed, and you may forget where you´re going and why,but the momentum takes you there anyway. Only, you find out when you arrive that it isn´t where you wanted to be.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Out of the fires of refinement, come the praise of His magnificence, the brilliance of His glory, and the honor of His precious Son, Jesus Christ.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|God is omniscient, omnipresent, and omnipotent. He is intricately involved in our lives and for that alone, we should be thankful.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|You must not love yourself. I’ll tell you, mademoiselle … your life belongs to you. Only a matter of treating your life a little better and maybe life would treat you better in return.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you want your dream to come true, you must do a lot of work.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|So, the rationale of having written this book is to say an inspiring word to a lot of people who are hurting, crying and sounding defeatist, an inspiring word to millions of people who are living in pain and indigence. I wrote it for a young chap who hopes there is no life after death so that he can finally rest, for a dejected ailing woman who thinks God enjoys torturing her and for some hopeless lad who threatens his friends he’d shoot himself. I wrote it for them and for myself.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Grades are still important, buy they are not the most important things. As clichéd as it is, the things you learn outside class is more important than the textbooks you blindly memorize in time for exams.
Sube Singh|If you take care of someone, it does not mean that one should take care of you,someone other will be/has been sent by the God for you
Jay     Long|Second chances are not that important. What's important, is being ready when the first chance is given.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the grace of hopeful heart, you can overcome emotional shocks.
Mlungisi Simelane|Everywhere you go, make positive deposits, instead of negative withdrawals. If you want to be a Kingdom builder, focus on bringing out the best in others, God will bring out the best in you
Stephen King, Joyland|When you're twenty-one, life is a roadmap. It's only when you get to twenty-five or so that you begin to suspect you've been looking at the map upside down, and not until you're forty are you entirely sure. By the time you're sixty, take it from me, you're fucking lost.
Susan Gable, A Hero to Keep|Breathe in, take what life hands you; hold it, accept it; breathe out, let it go.
Zal|Choose who to cheer for you, not chase who is cheering for you!
Latika Teotia|Don’t be afraid of what could happen or that you may end up in pain if you took a chance on love or life. If you don’t take the plunge you may lead a safe life but it will be drab one. Life is too short to let it just pass by. Grab those short but beautiful moments which may lead to lifetime memories. As Garth Brooks famously sang, “I could have missed the pain but I’d have had to miss the dance.
Debajyoti Ghosh|Human being one should have independent judgment capability and natural intelligence. Human should not behave like a dog - if one dog started to bark, then other dogs joins to bark for support.
Debajyoti Ghosh|Every father and mother who struggle and earn honestly to nurture his children, is also soldier.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There is more than one road to spiritual salvation. We discover a philosophical way of living by encountering the world, culling knowledge from all available resources, and thinking reverently about life.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Cannot put a finger on what precedes the other, bachelor/spinsterhood or self-obsession.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Had life not given me reasons to grieve, I would never have known the healing power of a hug.
Alec Baldwin, Nevertheless: A Memoir|Once you've found some joy, you never want to be without it.
Alec Baldwin, Nevertheless: A Memoir|there was nothing to be ashamed of in doing jobs simply to make a living, so long as those jobs fueled other creative efforts
Avijeet Das|When life seems like an uphill task do not ever give up on yourself or on life! Travel to a new place, learn a new language, embrace a new culture, play a musical instrument, read a good book, watch the sunrise, experience the sunset, go for a swim in the river, hug a tree, sit near the lake, or climb a mountain! You will fall in love with life all over again!
Avijeet Das|You wake up in the morning, then go for a jog, pump up the dumb-bell, and take a shower! Put on fresh and clean clothes and get out of your apartment fast! The day is yours for the taking! Carpe Diem!
Debajyoti Ghosh|Honest struggle after knowing one's destiny is a real fighter spirit. There is no guarantee that good thing will happen with good people, because everything is predestined. Even lord Krishna couldn't save Abhimanyu's untimely death. He even did not teach how to come out from Chakravyuh to Abhimanyu.
Debajyoti Ghosh|Don't expect and wait for justice to happen immediately, it will never happen before the TIME. Also, you never will get beyond your LUCK. Remember that Kurukshetra war took place after a long wait.
sivaprakash Sidhu, SivaprakashG, Sidhu, Sivasidhug|If you want to save your life.. risk your life.." - Sivaprakash Sidhu
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Life is a sail boat ride. Wind, the destiny. But dammit, you are the sailor!
Barbara Delinsky, Escape|Tombstones don´t list jobs, they list relationships-mother, wife, daughter.
Bogdan Vaida|Work hard now and reap the benefits later!^^^ so wrong!Work hard later and rip the benefits now!(What do you want to do when you grow old, travel the world? Instead, get a cosy work place and enjoy the safe life!)
Bogdan Vaida|Yes, but" is actually a "no" with a tie.
Bogdan Vaida|If you don't keep track of great ideas, you'll stop noticing you have them.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Remember, you are as dispensable as the most indispensable king of kings, the mighty lord of silly worldly men.
Edgar Allan Poe, Bon-Bon|If Pierre Bon-Bon had his failings--and what great man has not a thousand?--if Pierre Bon-Bon, I say, had his failings, they were failings of very little importance--faults indeed which, in other tempers, have often been looked upon rather in the light of virtues.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Don't worry. Life goes on. With or without you. So, live it, while it's given you.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Live joyfully this life. Once gone, who knows if we ever get it back. Atheists think we do not. Mystics say you will. Either way, chill.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Till the time Mother Nature takes away what she had bestowed upon us for free - this wonderful gift, of life. Value it, while you have it.
Fakeer Ishavardas|It is no use dying, before one does.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|If you draw the gun and don't shoot right, you're shot down!
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|... no matter how we go about it, we are never poorer for the experiences that teach us how to write our own manuals.
Gift Gugu Mona|If you have legs that work, walk in the right direction. If you have an audible voice, say constructive words. If you have functional eyes, see great things. If you are in a position of power, use it productively and if you have a sound mind, think exceptionally; for such is not a given, but grace.
Gift Gugu Mona|The best investment to make an impact on others, because even when you're dead money alone will not bury you.
Fakeer Ishavardas|After you die, a rare friend or family member may carry your memory throughout life. Most will forget you. As if you were never here.
Leonardo da Vinci|That which can be lost cannot be deemed riches. Virtue is our true wealth and the true reward of its possessor; it cannot be lost, it never deserts us until life leaves us. Hold property and external riches with fear; they often leave their possessor scorned and mocked at for having lost them.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Do not believe in a god who is as silly, and meaner than you. For, that would surely be your higher-self, and your stupid alter-ego.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Blind-believers and staunch atheists have the same god - namely, a self-deluded, one's own shadow's bot.
Rebecca Solnit, The Mother of All Questions|How long does it take to see something, to know someone? If you put in years, you realize how little you grasped at the start, even when you thought you knew. We move through life mostly not seeing what is around us, not knowing who is around us, not understanding the forces at play, not understanding ourselves. Unless we stay with it, and maybe this is a movie about staying with it.
Banani Ray, Flow Yoga The Mindful Path of Action for Transforming Stress into Happiness|The Love factor makes anything hallowed, and an action is no exception. Doing things with love makes the work sacred.
Levon Peter Poe|I have found the temperament of being a thoughtful man is sometimes excruciatingly painful. People become accustomed to the fact that your kindness is part of your personality and therefore any action you take will be based on being civil minded toward others and seemingly not wanting to disappoint anyone. This is of course the wrong view. Being thoughtful does not mean you are a pushover or a stuck in the mud type, seemingly stationary in your attitudes and ambitions. It means you take the time to have consideration of events and people around you. You do not make hasty decisions based solely on observation or emotion. Analysis is a tool for the thoughtful individual
Napz Cherub Pellazo|I'm done with those; regrets are an excuse for people who have failed... Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were heading for shore..
Adedayo Olabamiji|Don't make your life bustop final destination, keep moving, focus on your VISION and don't give in.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Learn to be friendly and learn to welcome all people, but note however in doing so that it is not every hand that is stretched towards you that deserves your handshake!
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|Have fun with the uncertainty of life. When you learn to do so, you will be certain to win.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If your believed in book-told god is a silly sod, you too are.
Gift Gugu Mona|Some choices will either make you perish or prosper, choose properly.
Jesus Apolinaris|In this life everybody's guilty of something and you must come to terms that you have a life worth fighting for. The sooner you put those guilty feelings to rest by admitting that ‘YES, Indeed it happened, and there’s nothing you can do to change the past, ‘the sooner you can get on with your life.
Jellis Vaes|It’s true that no one ever said life would be easy, but it is also true that no one ever said you had to go through it alone.
Steph Jagger, Unbound: A Story of Snow and Self-Discovery|The place we get lost is the very place that we're found, all we need to do is put one foot in front of the other.
Ackshat Deoli, Kilol-Bruges Express: The Fading Nomad|No matter what the power source is, a sinusoidal pattern will always remain the same. Similarly, our lives have a certain pattern and that's of happiness and sorrow. We feel that we are in control of things and everything is going according to plan but life is again following a pattern.
Robyn Carr, Any Day Now|My best advice is this - by the time you meet your Maker, and may it be a long, long time from now, I hope you can close your eyes on a life where you did your damn best and tried your damn hardest. It's not winning that's really winning. It's never giving up.
Ackshat Deoli, Kilol-Bruges Express: The Fading Nomad|All of us evolve everyday! The more we introspect and try to gather ourselves, the more rapid will be the pace of our evolution. The only thing to keep in mind is to be true to yourself.
Stephen King, It|I think it was the first real pain I ever felt in my life, he would tell the others. It wasn't what I thought it would be at all. It didn't put an end to me as a person. I think... it gave me a basis for comparison, finding out you could still exist inside the pain, in spite of the pain.
Sarah Moriarty, North Haven|The four of them stand in the cockpit of the Misdemeanor as they motor from one town to another. They pass their house, which is not theirs any longer. Libby cuts the throttle, and they stall there in front of their sprawling memory. The four of them have come up for the closing; since all of them are owners, they all must be present to sign away this place. They have given most of the land to the Maine Preservation Society, and the house, they have sold to a family who promises not to tear the whole thing down, though they know that is a lie. The oak is yellow and peeks from behind the house. The glossy white windows of the great room look down upon them. It is cold and they all wear their foul-weather gear, bright-yellow slickers, except Gwen, in a red poncho to accommodate the swell of her belly. Libby keeps one hand on the tiller and the other she slips into Tom’s hand. He gives it a squeeze and then puts his arm around her. Danny moves from the stern to stand between Tom and Gwen. They all stand on the starboard side looking at the house. Libby and Tom, then Danny, his hand resting on his brother’s shoulder, and Gwen next to him, her arms crossed over her protruding belly, her hair long and dark hanging down her back. She is no longer a beacon, but a buoy in her poncho, red right returning. The sky is gray and low and promises a choppy ferry ride to the mainland, but there in the safe haven of the harbor it is calm and windless, and the house isn’t empty, but expectant. The flat water, dark green now, lies empty, the float pulled out the month before. Going from town dock to town dock, there is no need for a tender. There is no way for them to come ashore, even if they wanted to. A house like this is not supposed to exist now. It comes from another era. It is a ghost, like the schooners that sail through the thoroughfare every summer. It is an aberration, a figment. It is their great shingled memory.
Ackshat Deoli, Kilol-Bruges Express: The Fading Nomad|You see, from where I stand, there are a couple of ways. You continue your journey and you will find your path or the path is already there and you aren't just able to see it.
Chris Dee, Polishing Silver: The Journal of Alfred Pennyworth|Questions that begin ‘If I had/if I had not’ have no true answers. You can never know how your actions may have impacted Master Jason’s fate. And if you could know, that knowledge would not change the past. The only good that can come of these musings is that which you have already found: in taking the lessons of the past, such as they may be, to guide your choices in the present.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Life is like riding, you will only have harmony once you stop fighting it.
Vandana Yadav|Fight, face, be valiantand move ahead you gallantDon't stop, don't hidewalk with pride.No life is forever sereneNo plains are eternally green...
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Our strengths are built not with our words but with our actions,Our fears are faced through those actions,Our lives are shaped by these experiencesand our experiences are driven by our passions.Where is your heart taking you...
Sachin sawariya|Take care of your back ahead of anyone ,dear friends.commendation and stabbing,Both get on this only.
J. Wrice Sr.|If you can't participate in someone else's good fortune and show them love. How can you get offended when they don't partake in yours. Good fortunes are made to be enjoyed. Like a old wise pimp will say "Don't hate, participate.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|As in riding, so is it in life.
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|Some of us think with our heads, others with our hearts. Though neither is good or bad, it seems that one solves problems while the other adds to them.
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|People have a tendency to shrink the boundaries of complex problems to fit into their back pocket and then, sure enough, grumble that their problems follow wherever they go.
Anthony P. Mauro, Sr.|The human race, it seems, is run faster than the speed of life.
Steph Jagger, Unbound: A Story of Snow and Self-Discovery|True resilience is found in our ability to get up, to create space for a message we may not want to hear, to listen like we’ve never listened before, the then to act on that message – even if that means changing the way we’ve been hurtling down our path in life for decades.
Rana Suhaib|Speed doesn't matter, Concentration matters.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|If we can benchmark nature on how it operates, then we never have to worry about how, and when God takes care of us.
Ken Poirot|One day I woke up and realized no amount of love, care, pain, hurt, anger, or retribution could ever transform those who are evil into good or kind people. That day I let go; I stopped caring for them, gave up any hope for their souls, and knew they were never worthy of me or my time.
moolesh.k.dindoyal|In order to avoid shipwreck, wise people usually appoint one captain to navigate the ship.
Sameer  Khan, Eerie Edges|Stop there, Breathe.For a while you need to leave, live.Stop pushing your face into that photo calledpast, stuck in the photo frame of time. Stopscratching your heart, give the wound time toheal. For i know, when the photo frame fallsdown, the broken pieces of glass fall apart,just like memories. But no, you want to keepit to the chest, close to your heart. You knowyou shouldn't but you're too coward to let go.It keep sucking your heart, into a black holeof muddy memories. Making you a darkshattered soul, incapable of finding solace.So stop. For a while let's just live. Let's justbreathe. Let's just love ourselves, for it's youwho need it the most.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|She chose the attractive room, not noticing the cloven hoof exposed beneath the ornate curtains. That decision has surely haunted her every day since, finally catching up to her.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The human heart is first a human heart, then everything else - American, Christian, Asian, Jew, or whatever.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|There is only one label worth fighting for, nay, not fighting for, that is “human”.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|Be pure, live a conscientious life, defend your dignity and be loving to others.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|If poverty defines greatness, then become the poorest person on earth, in terms of weakness and bigotry. And if wealth defines glory, then become the wealthiest person on earth, in terms of courage, confidence and reasoning.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Though it may seem counter intuitive to our inner perfectionist, recognizing our mistakes as valuable lessons (not failures) helps us lay the groundwork for later success.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Don't, but if at all, then, lie to the whole damn world - never to your own damn, silly stupid self.
Kierra C.T. Banks|To sum it up, success is nothing more than a small act of courageousness.
Michael Chabon, Moonglow|I'm disappointed in myself. In my life. All my life, everything I tried, I only got halfway there. You try to take advantage of the time you have. That's what they tell you to do. But when you're old, you look back and you see all you did, with all that time, is waste it. All you have is a story of things you never started or couldn't finish. Things you fought with all your heart to build that didn't last or fought with all your heart to get rid of and they're all still around. I'm ashamed of myself.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|The world is made out of Nutella. You just need to stick your tongue out, so that you could really taste it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There are different kinds of birds and there are different situations and places to find these birds. Some of these birds choose to eat carcass and some prefer fresh meat. Some eat from backyards and some will take their food far from sight. There are those who soar higher and least live on short and common trees and there are those who wouldn’t mind sleeping on any tree. There are those who exhibit their dexterity on the ground to the joy and admiration of all people, and there are those who make people raise their heads and strain their eyes before they see them. There are those whose appearance comes with awe, and there those who would pass without people taking a second look at them in admiration. There are those whose voices are a wake-up call and there are those whose sounds give reasons to ponder! There are those who sing sweet melodies and there are those whose sounds threaten. There are those who are for special meals and occasions, and there are those who are fit for the base of any pot at all. There are those who though are humble and friendly, yet when you go beyond your boundary, they will show how they are hungry! There are those who dive amazingly and there are those who just swim and move around in water! Life is just like that; different people, different values and different functions!
Kunal Narayan Uniyal|Staying away from news channels, print, and social media makes one realize, that the world actually is a beautiful place to live.
Dr. Karan M Pai|Walls of worry surround us everyday & we can never run away, But remember Walls only block sides, Never the sky. Look Up, The ray of Light & Hope You will Get it.. Have Confidence in You :)
Peprah Boasiako|If your actions don't excite, motivate or inspire others to do better, you're doing it wrong.
James Hauenstein|Sitting there, it is impossible to change your luck. But, you can always change the machine you are at!
Anurag Shourie|Be it a 'slide' in a children’s park, or one in the play-fields of life; the mantra is same. “You climb up and you slide down.”What is missing in the later years is the enthusiasm with which the kids run up the steps, knowing fully well that another down-slide is imminent. Life is a game; play it with gay abundance. Take a leaf out of the kid’s rule-book…
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|In life, we must choose to quiet ourselves and go through a period of reflection, an instance in time for evaluating our strengths vs. our weaknesses, an interval in time for recognizing the real from deceit, a moment in time for making necessary life adjustments for personal welfare. It's through such, we begin to know ourselves.
Peprah Boasiako|Embracing change can be daunting, but it is our willingness to do better that makes it worthwhile.
Peprah Boasiako|Loyalty to others speaks volumes about loyalty to self. To love others, one must truly love him/herself first.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|...and spend my days surrounded by wise books, - bright windows in this life of ours, lit by the shining souls of men.
Levon Peter Poe|All things we involve ourselves with should be of love. If it is not of love, stay away from it.
Meeta Ahluwalia|Somewhere along the length of time, while we are busy numbering our days, we forget to make them count.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|You see yourself as a shipwreck, but we see your treasure glowing inside, beneath the oceans in your eyes.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|Try to be surprised by something every day. It could be something you see, hear, or read about. Stop to look at the unusual car parked at the curb, taste the new item on the cafeteria menu, actually listen to your colleague at the office. How is this different from other similar cars, dishes or conversations? What is its essence? Don't assume that you already know what these things are all about, or that even if you knew them, they wouldn't matter anyway. Experience this once thing for what it is, not what you think it is. Be open to what the world is telling you. Life is nothing more than a stream of experiences - the more widely and deeply you swim in it, the richer your life will be.
Glenn C. Stewart|Peace doesn’t deny difficulty, but it has an inner calm and quietness even while enduring the difficulty.
Avijeet Das|There is a harbour to be reached, after the storm has abated!
Jennifer Donnelly, Beauty and the Beast: Lost in a Book|An escape can become escapism before we even know it. Books are wonderful things, but you can't live in someone else's story. You have to live your own story.
M. Reed McCall, Moose Tracks on the Road to Heaven|Don’t spend too much time grieving for me, Elena. I know you’re probably a little sad as you’re reading this, since that means I’m dead and you’re having to learn how to go on in a new way. I would be sad if you didn’t miss me, so I won’t tell you not to, but I will tell you to keep on living. The world is full of beautiful music, flowers, places, and experiences. Enjoy it all as much as you can. Just remember it’s the people in your life that make it worthwhile...People and memories, not things are what’s important in the end. Nothing else matters as much as that.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Tai tapped his left nostril. 'You know what this is, Nakkoo? It's the place where the outside world meets the world inside you.
Neetesh Dixit|They say that "A friend in need is a friend indeed" but what if you don't find one when you need one.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|As you run towards your desired destination, if you turn to look behind and see no one running with you, keep running: because it's evident that you have no competition and therefore, you are destined to get to that destination.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|They were happy to help someone, to succeed at something, even if they weren't to benefit.
Brittany Burgunder|Forgiving yourself, believing in yourself and choosing to love yourself are the best gifts one could receive.
Germany Kent|The point at which things happen is a decision. In stead of focusing on yourself, focus on how you can help someone else.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|Sometimes, it’s worth living the dreams, tasks, hopes or ambitions of the people you love, however unjustifiable or stupid they may sound. Sometimes, it’s worth completing what they stood up for. That is the best gift you can give to the people you love.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|Don't let what you fear stop you from pursuing it. For the most part, what you fear doesn't even know that you are afraid of it.
Germany Kent|Speak with caution. Even if someone forgives harsh words you've spoken, they may be too hurt to ever forget them. Don't leave a legacy of pain and regret of things you never should have said.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|They say, in life change is the most important thing for you to evolve.I think it's the pain which makes a person evolve, A species evolve.Time will throw a thousand happy moments, which will teach you nothing. Real sense of life is understood when you go through that one painful moment.Which will help you evolve, which will help you change.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|This plant represents what's happening inside of you. The world, like the soil, is cold and dark—layered with a history of destruction and death. You were planted in this world to rise above it. Do you not see? The very existence of this darkness gives you the opportunity to become a light to the world.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|There is strength in every struggle. Struggles create opportunities for you to become stronger, wiser and better. The moment you shift your thinking from "I cannot" to "I must," you will begin to see 'Beyond the Pain' and draw strength from within. Learn to see each obstacle as a stepping stone and watch your life change significantly.
Brandon Gray, The Soulstealer's Child|Love is more than desire. It’s more than passion and moonlight and poetry. Love is a choice you make; it’s things you do. Love is holding hands when your wife’s morning sickness is so bad she wants to die. It’s forgiving when you’re mad, and listening to her when you want to talk. It’s rubbing her feet when she’s tired and you want a whole lot more. It’s seeing each other at your worst and choosing to overlook what you know is true because you believe they can be better. It’s doing the right thing for the other person. Even when it’s hard. Especially when it’s hard. That is love, Jaime.
Germany Kent|We all have a responsibility with the words we post on the internet. If you wouldn't want your mother, daughter, sister or friend to read it, don't post it.
Germany Kent|Things that will make you unstoppable;Get the naysayers out of your life,Take charge of your destiny,Be uncommon,Be relentless, andNever look backwards.
litymunshi|used to see people in love . seeing them ,used to say -how heavenly it is ,they looks so happy in love. now i toughed by love- and don't say the same .
litymunshi|dream . larger than in sleep.dream ,if its helps you to growdream ,if you opened up to lifedream if you recognise another you inside your mind and heart my dear , don't let this go .dream, for everything ,you know this comes to you asking you that you can do it again
Brandon Lawrence, Letters Never Meant to be Read|Embrace the fact that we are human. We are flawed, we aren’t invincible, but we are resilient, and we are alive. So we need to live as such
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But this payment goes well beyond my generosity," the monk responded."Don’t say that again. Life might be listening, and give you less the next time.
Jaroslav Kalfar, Spaceman of Bohemia|We know that the world operates on a whim, a system of coincidences. There are two basic coping mechanisms. One consists of dreading the chaos, fighting it and abusing oneself after lost, building a structured life ... in which every decision is a reaction against the fear of the worst ... This is the life that cannot be won, but it does offer the comfort of battle - the human heart is content when distracted by war. The second mechanism is an across-the-board acceptance of the absurd all around us ... This is the way to survive in this world, to walk up in the morning ... and exclaim, 'How unlikely! Yet here we are,' and have a laugh, and swim in the chaos, swim without fear, swim without expectation but always with an appreciation of every whim, the beauty of screwball twists and jerk that pump blood through our emaciated veins.
Jennifer Reinfried, Grim Inception|So many people overlook the small things. The way someone's laugh makes y ou smile. The way their eyes can captivate you. How the way they speak can enlighten you, encourage you, inspire you. A touch of their hand to yours. A quick kiss on the cheek. An 'I love you.
Richard L.  Ratliff|If you build it well, a satisfaction comesAn honor to say I built that with fidelity,Purpose, value and integrity
Serena Winter, The Zodiac Turner: The Five Trials|You'll always meet someone new, encounter something odd. That's the peculiar thing about life. Everything will make sense after it happens in the end. Everything will be clear, fresh, as if looking through glass. Crazy, isn't it?
Marc Crepeaux, Letters Never Meant to be Read|We had a great time hanging out with the nerdy girls of that suite and pretending to be so depressed and in pain. The problem was, you were never pretending
Ray Mancini, Zen, Meditation & the Art of Shooting: Performance Edge - Sports Edition|HUMANITY IS AN EXPERIMENT:Your present life now is nothing less than a cheap and pathetic imitation of what life supposed to be like, unless you free yourself from the slavery we have all accepted for reality you will never get to paradise.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|My life goal right now is to die a good man, with a good heart, soul, and mind, with a good family, and a couple Grammys.
Muni Natarajan|Awareness can be controlled by the world or you can be in control of it. You have the choice. Who is in control, that's the question to keep asking yourself.
Muni Natarajan|In the monastery, you are always in some kind of a situation where you are pressured so that your worst qualities come up. But you actually want that to happen so you can deal with them
Annie Lyons, The Choir on Hope Street|Life isn't filled with perfect harmony. The world is littered with bum notes, off-key moments and tuneless episodes. The trick is to find your own music, to ignore the discord and sing your own tune.
Abdurrahman Bapir|In real life, second chances are rare. I therefore advise you to take every single chance very seriously.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|One of the salient facts of a self is that a person is constantly undergoing a series of actions in the immediacy of time that they must later reflect upon and synthesize new experiences, thoughts, feelings, and mental impression along with their latent memories into a collaborative sense of being.
Ali Rezavand Zayeri|Sometimes life was like smoking in silence , without thinking where and when you are !
Kirstin Leigh|Not being "okay," is a gift. And inside that gift, is the strength to change and the courage to begin again.
Lily Graham, The Cornish Escape|… real life hardly ever unfolds the way we’d like it to, not like in a story.
Uma Shanker|The road appears longer when you are tired and shorter when you are energetic.The road is the same. It is your frame of mind that changes your perception of the road!!Life is always the same. Your desires, expectations, disappointments and achievements that define your life and your frame of mind!!
Uma Shanker|Life is so short that no sooner have you heard the whistle to “get set & go”, you have reached the finish line nearing the death-toll.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|I know you don’t understand, but sometimes we have to go back to go forward,” he says.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|If the intent is right, why waste time thinking about the consequences.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|If you lived a good life, you either lived to save or died to save… that which must be saved and kept. Your life would never be meaningless. Not even for a moment.
Jose A. Aviles Ed. D.|It became by mission to work with young people to help show them the way, not save them! But help them understand that there are choices that can be made today that will make the difference for their rest of their lives.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We learn about life by exploring the texture and depth of space that composes our private inner world. In solitude we revisit our wounded feelings, sins, doubts, and deepest despair, replay poignant memories of loved ones, project what we are becoming, and ascertain the purpose of our being.
Cecelia Earl, When Ash Rains Down|Love is a powerful thing. More powerful, even, than money.
Frederick Neuhouser, Fichte's Theory of Subjectivity|One does not ask about one's true identity simply as a matter of course, but only in rather special circumstances. What this means, I believe, is that "who I really am" becomes an issue for me only when my system of values "breaks down," that is, only when I realize that the values according to which I have lived until now are insufficient to inform a life that I can recognize as satisfying. This realization can occur in variety of circumstances: when my beliefs about myself or the world undergo significant change; when I find that two of my values conflict in a fundamental way; or when, as in the present example, the relations among my previous commitments are insufficiently determinate to tell me what to do in the particular situation I face.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|No matter how worldly I became, there was always that one part of me that never forgot where I came from and how simple life was there.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Ultimately, it’s about determining what matters most to you; what’s important; what it will take to achieve your intended goal. And once you’ve identified these key components to growth, shed the excess; do away with the unnecessary.
John Shelton Jones, Awakening Kings and Princes Volume I: Sacred Knowledge to Nourish the Mentality, Support Spiritual Growth, Learning the Light, and Progressing to Become a Master Lover While Embracing Desire|A delirious person would think there's only one way, and that way is simple, but the truth is no way of living is simple, and there are many ways like there are many roads, but one must think above the system, and the individual must work strong to avail enough to be satisfied.
Yaganesh Derasari|Arranged Conversation and Pre-Planned Emotions never Works in real life, and Always Comes with Bad Ending .
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Admit it. You can't have everything. You can't do everything. You can't be everywhere. You are not omnipotent, you are mortal.
John Shelton Jones, Awakening Kings and Princes Volume I: Sacred Knowledge to Nourish the Mentality, Support Spiritual Growth, Learning the Light, and Progressing to Become a Master Lover While Embracing Desire|Sometimes it’s typical to think you found what you desire, but then the opposition can happen, causing reevaluation on your options. Conversely, when you find beauty in something that holds treasures, you may have found beauty to your heart’s desire that harvest love or pain through it. The harvest is inevitable, but your senses redirect for proper discernment and perception.
David Alejandro Fearnhead|At 23 I thought I knew everything, by 33 I realised I knew nothing.
Nurudeen Ushawu|While we insists on destroying the world, God is doing incredible things to save it.
Sultan Alsasi|Coaching is like a magic mirror, reflecting what you are thinking, feeling and saying about everything in life. By working together, you'll understand your own mirror and break all the boundaries to become limitless
Sophie Kinsella, My Not So Perfect Life|Every time you see someone's bright-and-shiny, remember: They have their own crappy truths too. Of course they do. And every time you see your own crappy truth and feel despair and think, 'Is this my life?', remember: It's not. Everyone's got a bright-and-shiny, even if it's hard to find sometimes.
Neale Donald Walsch|Life is a creation, not a discovery
Gary Rudz|Perspective, patience, & trust. One derived from the past, one applied now, and one for the future. Powerful allies for your journey in life.
Alexander McCall Smith, Morality for Beautiful Girls|Mma Ramotswe tucked the cheque safely away in her bodice. Modern business methods were all very well, she thought, but when it came to the safeguarding of money there were some places which had yet to be bettered.
Mara Wilson, Where Am I Now?|The idea of living forever makes me uncomfortable, and at this point I've lived long enough and seen enough Twilight Zone episodes to know that there's always a catch.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|You are the greatest thing that ever happen to you, Life is more important than anything else. Live the life to the fullest.
Jessica Hagy, How to Be Interesting: An Instruction Manual|Your greatest accomplishments, no matter how impressive you think them to be, are some else's worst nightmare. Your most prized possession is another man's disgusting chunk of trash. Be careful what you brag about.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|When one makes you happy, the other makes you worried. Its just a balancing phenomena. So be the same person what ever the situation you are in.
Anurag Shourie|There is nothing more agonising than the memory of good times when you are going through a difficult period in life. Life moves in only one direction - forward, but the memoirs of years gone by keep on haunting one’s soul till the time one is alive. Nostalgia can be more painful than a surgeon’s knife.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|Though my mental illness is more likened to a big, nasty green monster than something heart-wrenchingly beautiful, I think I have learned many wonderful lessons from my many afflictions.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Because, from the beginning , God said, 'I'm gonna put this world into your hands. If I run everything, then that's not you.' So we were created with a piece of divinity inside us, but with this thing called free will, and I think God watches us everyday, lovingly, praying we will make the right choices.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Because, from the beginning, God said, 'I'm gonna put this world into your hands. If I run everything, then that's not you.' So we were created with a piece of divinity inside us, but with this thing called free will, and I think God watches us everyday, lovingly, praying we will make the right choices.
Manoj Arora, Dream On: Every setback is a little nudge from HIM to Dream On|With every breath you take, someone just took their last. Stop complaining about life. It has given you much more than what you appreciate.
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|If we don't think about our death until we die, how can we decide how we want to live?
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|I took a deep breath of the syrupy sweetness of summer, suffused with bees and birds, and I thought to myself how beautiful this world can be. How lucky we are to be here, to be part of it, for however long we have.
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|Lies are never forgotten, they go on and they grow
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|As once the winged energy of delightcarried you over childhood's dark abysses,now beyond your own life build the greatarch of unimagined bridges.Wonders happen if we can succeedin passing through the harshest danger;but only in a bright and purely grantedachievement can we realize the wonder.To work with Things in the indescribablerelationship is not too hard for us;the pattern grows more intricate and subtle,and being swept along is not enough.Take your practiced powers and stretch them outuntil they span the chasm between twocontradictions...For the godwants to know himself in you.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|If you go to the workplace thinking that you are a mere employee, you can only be an employee. If you go with an Entrepreneur consciousness, you can definitely become an Entrepreneur
Uma Shanker|Life teaches us two important things - we are careless when we are young and by the time we get old, it is too late to be careful!!
Rob Lowe, Stories I Only Tell My Friends|Everyone knows that the teenage years are a time ofprofound emotion. The moody, exuberant, passionate,lethargic teen is a figure that has a special place in the hall of fame of clichés—and for good reason. It’s all true. When we ourselves are teenagers, we are living life as it comes. There is no point in reflection. We are so inexperienced, there is very little to reflect on. If we fail a big test, we just move on. We win an award and we smile and say thank you. We fall in love and it’s a thrill. We get our hearts broken and we suffer.And we feel all of these highs and lows in our absolute core; it feels as if it’s never happened to anyone else because it’s never happened to us before. Only later can we look back in the comfort that perspective brings.
Wendy James, The Golden Child: sweetness, danger, bullying, shame|Life has played her like a cat weaving between her legs, pretending to be tame, friendly, before sinking its claws into soft, vulnerable flesh.
Cody Sands|Since good days don’t always last, make sure that you’ve made the best of those days while you still have them.
Jordan Hoechlin|One day i will leave the world and never come back,_You will cry when you see my number is off.._You will miss me when you sit alone,_You won't be able to hear my laugh and voice again...there will be no more me to _Irritate,_Tease,_make u laugh and say sorry _Tears might run out of your eyes but i will be gone long and forever so pleaze enjoy my company as much as u can before i close my eyes forever!!!
Jellis Vaes|Look, you can say that life is meaningless, because in the end we are all no more than dust in the wind and all that we do will ultimately be forgotten in hundreds or thousands of years’ time. But do you really want to live with that belief? Give yourself a higher meaning, give yourself a purpose why you were given this life. I am not a religious person but I do believe that we are all given this life for a reason, and that death is only the beginning of something bigger. Call me crazy, I don’t care. It gives me sense and an urgency to make this life count because I know it matters. You feel that way because you do not have that. Give this life a meaning and all that you do and will come to do will become meaningful instead of meaningless
William Wynn Westcott|There is no such thing as a miracle. That is, there is never an absolute reversal of any natural law. Every event, however unexpected by us, who are all more or less grossly ignorant of Nature and of Nature's laws, is the result of pre-existing causes, which develop results in ways and to extents strictly conformable to the energies set in motion. Supernormal events maybe, but nothing is supernatural.
Sofia Reyes|Giving up is just saying that ice cream shouldn't be ice cream because one person says it isn't ice cream, giving up is like saying that hot dogs are hot cats. Giving up is like saying burgers are nasty which they aren't. What I'm trying to say is giving up is not a pathway to success giving up is just an easier way to just fail in life, now that I'm done saying that I'm going to go get food.
Cynthia Mendenhall, Spunkify Your Life: 8 Secrets to Living with More Focus, Fascination, and Fun|No matter how strong or strong-willed you are, you cannot live a stressful, maxed-out life without that pace eventually biting you in the butt. It is necessary to take breaks, set parameters, and be kind to yourself if you want to continue making an impact in your little corner of the world.
M. Suddain, Hunters & Collectors|Gladys, darling, light of my life. There are principles higher than mere survival. It’s not enough to live this life; there must be a quality to living. There are minimum standards. If a man can’t get an upgrade when almost every other guest in the entire hotel has been brutally murdered, then something is wrong.
Jennifer Frick-Ruppert, Spirit Quest|Next to the day when I was almost shot by that arrow, the worst day of my life was when I was almost eaten.
Plato, Republic: Books 1-5|For, let me tell you that the more the pleasures of the body fade away, the greater to me are the pleasure and charm of conversation.
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|If people are not laughing at your Goals, your Goals are not big enough!
Philip DeFranco|If we as people view everone who's not a part of our group as the monster, and we treat them like the monster - they either become the monster, or we're actually the monster.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Being "nowhere" is a step towards getting somewhere.Today, if you feel like you are nowhere, you are in a powerful position to choose the "somewhere" you want to go.
Susan Samaroo|When things don't always go our way, we have two choices in dealing with the situations. We can focus on the fact that things didn't go how we had hoped they would and let life pass us by, or two, we can make the best out of the situation and know that these are only temporary setbacks and find the lessons that are to be learned
Bhavik Sarkhedi|It's all about money. Sometimes it is merciful, sometimes it is magnificent and sometimes it is moderate
Cynthia Mendenhall, Spunkify Your Life: 8 Secrets to Living with More Focus, Fascination, and Fun|You are a beautiful creation and were made like no one else. Your uniqueness is a pleasant gift you can give to the world if you are willing to define and live that out. And, it is the best gift you will ever give yourself.
Neil A. Hogan|Run! Life's too short to walk. Unless you don't know where you're running to, then move very slowly.
Kayla Krantz, The Council|I'm my own person, and in that I'm unique. Pain, anguish, those are all just part of the experience. The more you go through, the stronger you become.
Ravi Zacharias|Through technology the whole world has now become the media's parish, talk-show hosts the prophets, actors and musicians the priests, and any script will do for the Scriptures as long as moral constraints are removed. Sitting before a well-lit box is all the cultic performance needs, and each person can enthrone his or her own self as divine. Truth has been relegated to subjectivity; beauty has been subjugated to the beholder; and as millions are idiotized night after night, a global commune has been constructed with he arts enjoying a totalitarian rule.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|When a baby comes into the world, its hands are clenched, right? Like this?" He made a fist. "Why? Because a baby, not knowing any better, wants to grab everything, to say, 'The whole world is mine.' "But when an old person dies, how does he do so? With his hands open. Why? Because he has learned his lesson." What lesson? I asked. He stretched open his empty fingers. "We can take nothing with us.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|So, have we solved the secret of happiness? "I believe so," he said. Are you going to tell me? "Yes. Ready?" Ready. "Be satisfied." That's it? "Be grateful." That's it? "For what you have. For the love you receive. And for what God has given you." That's it? He looked me in the eye. Then he sighed deeply. "That's it.
Michael A. Smith, Spiritual Warfare A Survival Guide To Daily Living|don't make the mistake of not following your dreams as most do,but plan out your day and except change
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|When you consistently hold onto your passion with faith and unconditionality regardless of what anyone says or does, the very fire that ignites your passion, will pave a way for your dream to manifest in the physical universe.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|If we define "beauty" as having blue eyes (and only blue eyes), then we will, indeed, find a "gene for beauty." If we define "intelligence" as the performance on only one kind of test, then we will, indeed, find a "gene for intelligence." The genome is only a mirror for the breadth or narrowness of human imagination.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|Staying in an unhealthy relationship that robs you of peace of mind, is not being loyal. It is choosing to hurt yourself mentally, emotionally and sometimes, physically.
Val Uchendu|Cold feet under a warm blanket, steam over an empty mug--rain splatters on dry window pane--open journals of closed memories... tears of laughter and joy of pain... schmaltz of diametric morning.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Sometimes you cannot believe what you see, you have to believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them, too---even when you're in the dark. Even when you're falling.
Joe Jordan|Like the three points in a triangle, knowing your value, maintaining your value, and getting compensated for your value are essential in building professional stability and longevity. If the compensation or the opportunity sounds too good to be true — it probably is. Sooner or later, reality prevails over rhetoric.
Joe Jordan, Sharpen Your Life: 52 Strategic Moments to Create a Lifetime of Success|Effective life management isn’t about finding more time to fill; it’s about recognizing you don’t have to do anything you do not choose to do. Hiding a choice behind a “have to” is irresponsible. Everything filling the white space in your life is there because you chose to put it there. We always have the power to say, “No.” We just need to be ready to live with the consequences.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|All I do know is that as we age the weight of our unsorted baggage becomes heavier...much heavier. With each passing year, the price of our refusing to do that sorting rises higher and higher.
Jellis Vaes|You either live to become an anchor of inspiration for those around you, or you live to become an anchor for a lesson for them. Whatever you become, it is entirely up to you to decide.
Joyram Shaw|Expectation kills. Just go with the flow, you might be surprised when something better comes along in an unexpected way.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Everywhere you look, there you are. The same intelligence that created and creates all things is in you as it is in everything you see and don’t see: the sky, birds, trees, water, fire, rocks—name it, this intelligence is in it. This also means that there’s a part of you in everything, and no-thing, and everything plus no-thing has a part of you in them. Therefore, you are in everything and everything is in you. All is one.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|I want to know if we are the same, in the moments when we’re stripped bare.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|If I wanted to have an interesting life - which I did - then there was no point sitting around debating everything in my head on a constant loop. If I wanted my life to change, then Had to do something. Or at least try.
Val Uchendu|I've come to realize that life is neither a battle nor a game to be won, it is a game nonetheless, but to be played... enjoyed. There are neither winners nor losers... just players--and what's great is that you can choose who to play with
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Things change everyday. With each new dawn, it is not the same world as before. And you’re not the same person you were either.
Cheryl Julia Lee, We Were Always Eating Expired Things|We were always eating expired things. Milk, bread, biscuits, cake. We forgot about them as they sat around the house and just as they had gone bad, we put them in our mouths. Chocolates I brought back with me from Australia, cheeses in last year's Christmas hamper, juice from the last time someone decided to go grocery shopping. We didn't always realize they tasted funny – not everything curdles and a two-month-old orange can be just as sweet. When we did, it was usually too late. Sometimes it wasn't. We finished what we had started anyway.
James Hauenstein|I have tried to live my life with no regrets. Because regrets will become guilt in some cases, and guilt eats away at your sanity.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Only and only handwork can get you to the front benches, where you get noticed by the God.
Narendran S|Life is just like an arrow..To launch it, we have to stretch it back.
A.J. Garces|As America slept, our constitutional quilt was slowly being unraveled by special interest... I hope you like the cold.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|When we give ourselves permission to go wherever our outlandish thoughts take us, we feel that rush of creativity and excitement.
Adhish Mazumder, Solemn Tales of Human Hearts|I discovered that politics is not entirely about agendas and manifestos of some old, sullen creep promising a better future of the country as a whole. Politics is being played everywhere and it starts from the very bedroom that you consider your safe haven.
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|Mistakes happen and life is full of twists and turns, but you mustn’t let any set backs hold you back from moving forward. Life is too short to dwell on things that have gone wrong.
Randy Leedy, Love Not the World: Winning the War Against Worldliness|Better a little hardship now than a great deal of loss or suffering forever, and a third alternative simply does not exist.
Germany Kent|Stop giving people the power to control your smile, your worth, your attitude and your day. Don’t give anyone that much power over your life.
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, the lesson we can all learn from the inner sadness of a Narcissist is to see through our own fabrications, our own illusions so that we can be set free to be real once more.
Staci Welch-Bartley|Love does not leave, it grows and transforms into something different.
Brittany Burgunder|What are you hiding? Is it something from others, or from yourself. Find your truth. The more you show up, the more you'll be found.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|To love or have loved, that is enough. Ask nothing further, There is no other pearl to be found in the dark folds of life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is full of lessons; learn the lessons in life you meet each moment of time well! So many people meet the same things in life time after time, because they fail to know, understand and take real lessons from the same things they always meet time and time again! Day by day, make a consistent effort to improve yourself. Day by day, take consistent steps in wit to avoid doing the same thing that resulted in the same thing in the same way! Life is full of lessons; don’t forget to learn the lessons life teaches well, or else you shall leave each moment of your life learning the same life lessons!
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The number one reason why people stay stuck is because they cannot accept that they are stuck. Accept that you are stuck, that something needs to change, that you have plateaued, and that you have stopped growing. Realize and understand who and where you are in life.
Bernie Yaras|LOVE, is the most powerful thing that makes my world turn upside down.
Kathryn Craft, The Art of Falling|It's weird, all you think about when you're young is gaining your independence, but when those final hours come, people want to go home.
Luan|We are a generation of everything temporary, masqueraded as engaged in patterns beyond the point, but relies too much on technology, and yet despite all of that, we no longer feel compulsive to connect with each other, and somehow that’s the reason some friendship doesn’t last, however, we have the sincerity to connect on a regular basis with a virtual audience and socialise on the internet.
Mario Benedetti|In life you have to avoid three geometric figures - vicious circles, love triangles and square minds
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|What comes from the soul, you can’t fake or learn. You be it, by letting it.
Irma Joubert, The Girl From the Train|life is like a silver coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you can spend it once.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|Learn the truth...never assume.Understand the plight...never judge.Put yourself in someone's shoes...never hurt.Think before you act, reason before you react.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Life is all about making choices, as in a game of chess. The moves from other side are predetermined against every move of yours. But with each move, you shift your destiny for better or worse.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|Never compromise your "Self-respect" for "Love". If feel like you are loosing your "Self-respect" for "Love" Tell them you can keep your "love" and I will keep my "Self-respect
David Benedict Zumbo|Supply the needs first and the wants later, for one can only obtain true peace, love and joy when one supplies the needs first and not the wants.
Saaif Alam|Everyone is born to reach their destiny. Nobody have control of their own destiny, but they have control with their decision making skills if they want to reach their triumphs or end up being a failure.
Rudolf Jerome Ragay|Spend time with your kids and try to answer all their questions, it will make your life challenging.
Aravind Adiga, Last Man in Tower|Chain of envy linked them, showing each what was lacking in life, but offering also the consolation that happiness was present right next door, in the life of a neighbour, an element of the same society.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|I was Rainbow, I tried to saw her the true colour of 'Happiness' & 'love', but unfortunately she was colorblind.!
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Life, apparently, requires a trigger warning.This is the uncomfortable truth: everything is a trigger for someone. There are things you cannot tell just by looking at someone.We all have history. You can think you're over your history. You can think the past is the past. And then something happens, often innocuous, that shows you how far you are from over it. The past is always with you. Some people want to be protected from this truth.
Jellis Vaes|We are constantly taught in both in what we read, and what we see on the TV be it consciously and subconsciously, that being unhappy is not normal. Every time we read or hear about how we should be feeling happy, and how we need to go about it, and for whatever reason we aren’t at that moment in time, well, you feel that’s something must be wrong with you. “What’s wrong with me, I should be feeling happy in my life, but I’m not. Every article I have read says all those steps on how to be happy, but they don’t seem to work for me, I am still unhappy.”You come to see unhappiness as some kind of problem with you, with your personality. Something not normal at all. But it is. It is very normal. It is part of every human being, it is a part of you, it is part of who you are. You’ve got to first of all understand and acknowledge that feeling unhappy is nothing but normal and it isn’t something you should be afraid of. It only means that your emotions are functioning well and are taking care of you by keeping you up to date with the truth.
shashidhar sa|Today Never Comes, Tomorrow Never Stops
Alexander Georgiev|We can go and explore different roads in our future, but the past ones are permanent, just like our greatest memories.
Anonymous|Life's battle don't always go to the strongest or the fastest , but sooner or later the man who wins is the man who thinks he can .
Patricio Telman Chincocolo|One need not know one's karma, but have faith in life to be able to keep on going. With faith one can let go and let things take its course, embrace life and merge with it. Because she is the way.
Sandra Merrill Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Families|We all go through stages. Concern about appearances, making good impressions, being popular, comparing yourself to others, having unbridled ambition, wanting to make money, striving to be recognized and notices, and trying to establish yourself - all fade as your responsibilities and character grow. Life's tests refine you
Auliq-Ice|We often go through life with blinders on. Not always because we refuse to see what is obvious or that we’re too lazy or fearful to look very deeply, but because we don’t know to look where we don’t know something has been neglected.
Garry Fitchett, Life Is a Bicycle: A Living Philosophy to Finding Your Authenticity|We are all equally rich when it comes to the currency of time: 24 hours in a day and not one iota more. It is one of life's most level playing fields, ever devised, from the standpoint of a singular day.
Neel Mukherjee, The Lives of Others|It could be said of him that while others chased the mirage of happiness, he was happy with being content.
Abhijit Naskar|The important thing is not to survive, but to live.
Hannah Hart, Buffering: Unshared Tales of a Life Fully Loaded|There is much in this world that hurts us, but if we let pain become our master, we live our lives as slaves.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|From all my dreams where you felt everlastingto all my clothes your words used to wear,to the old end, to the new beginning,you have lost me everywhere.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|We gain from the new science of mind not only insights into ourselves - how we perceive, learn, remember, feel, believe and act - but also a new perspective of ourselves and our fellow human beings in the context of biological evolution.
Shawn Marsham|What ever you say or do, are reflections of what is in your heart.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|The only un-distractable, un-destructable, "thing", yet also the foundation of all pure creation, is "nothing.
Saaif Alam|A persons life is a cycle that involves both his or her events of success and failure. A person should understand that most obstacles can be overcomed, but some of his or her barriers that he or she is born with could not be broken. It can be under control if the person understands his or her own identity.
Saaif Alam|A person' s life is a cycle that involves both his or her events of success and failure. A person should understand that most obstacles can be overcomed, but some of his or her barriers that he or she is born with could not be broken. It can be under control if the person understands his or her own identity.
Abhijit Naskar|Every single creature on earth manages to survive one way or another, but not every creature truly lives.
Roy T. Bennett|Make peace with yourself before you move forward. Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|There is no religion better than love, no color better than the color of happiness and no language better than the language of compassion.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Quantum Mechanics can indeed be extremely complex to grasp, but when we talk about Consciousness, with decades of rigorous studies on the human brain we have realized that actually, there is no other phenomenon in the entire universe that is simpler than the majestic phenomenon of Consciousness.'If you think you have a solution to the problem of consciousness, you haven’t understood the problem.' This age-old metaphysical and philosophical argument is strictly not true. If you are sufficiently clear-sighted enough, you can realize the problem itself was a matter of the past when we didn’t have insight into the neurological basis of consciousness. And today it is common knowledge in Neuroscience that, all mesmerizing features of the Human Mind, including the glorious Human Consciousness, are born from the tiny specks of jelly inside your head.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|At a cellular level of the human mind, Islamophobia is not really a matter of social stigma, rather it is a natural biological fear response of the general human mind, conditioned through countless pairings between terrorist attacks (unconditioned stimulus) and their apparent association with Islam (conditioned stimulus). Hence, Islamophobia cannot be eradicated completely, unless that pairing is severed and thereafter the conditioned stimulus of Islam is paired with something optimistic such as the heartwarming works of the 13th century Persian Muslim poet Jalal ad-Din Muhammad Rumi.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Harmony doesn’t come merely through tolerance. You don’t need to tolerate people from other cultural backgrounds. It is time you start loving them. Toleration may make you a decent person, but it is love that makes you a true human being. The greatest religion that you can ever have throughout your entire existence is love.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Harmony doesn’t come merely through tolerance. You don’t need to tolerate people from other cultural backgrounds. It is time you start loving them. Toleration may make you a decent person, but it is love that makes you a true human being.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|​Everything that makes you, you, is a biologically existential expression of your entire brain.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|There are more things in our biology that make us one, than there are to set us apart.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Imagine yourself having a fight with your romantic partner. The tension of the situation makes your limbic system run at full throttle and you become flooded with stress hormones like cortisol and adrenalin. The high levels of these chemicals suddenly make you so damn angry, that you burst out in front of your partner saying, “I wish you die, so that I can have some peace in my life”. Given the stress of the situation through highly active limbic system, your PFC loses its freedom to take the right decision and you burst out with foul language in front of your partner, that may ruin your relationship. In simple terms due to your mental instability, you lost your free will to make the right decision.But when the conversation is over, and you relax for a while, your stress hormone levels come down to normal, and you regain your usual cheerful state of mind. Immediately, your PFC starts analyzing the explosive conversation you had with your partner. Healthy activity of the entire frontal lobes, especially the PFC suddenly overwhelms you with a feeling of guilt. Your brain makes you realize, that you have done something devilish. As a result, now you find yourself making the willful decision of apologizing to your partner and making up to him or her, no matter how much effort it takes, because your PFC comes up the solution that it is the healthiest thing to do for your personal life.From this you can see, that what you call free will is something that is not consistent. It changes based on your mental health. Mental instability or illness, truly cripples your free will. And the healthier your frontal lobes are, the better you can take good decisions. And the most effective way to keep your frontal lobes healthy is to practice some kind of meditation.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|During my school years, I was never a brilliant student, but just an average one, with only above average level of curiosity.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Historical experiences of this absolute godliness gave rise to all the scriptures in the world. Hence, the scriptures themselves don’t account for the actual globally prevalent psychological element of faith or divinity in the human society. Faith is a crucial evolutionary trait of the human mind, selected by Mother Nature as an internal coping- mechanism.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Any idea of separation is bondage. True liberation of the mind is in non-differentiation. And in the pursuit of breaking free from all the shackles of such man-made bondages, science is the most effective tool we have till this date. But in order to bring out all its effectiveness into the human society, it must be sweetened first with the touch of philosophy. Science without Philosophy leads to chaos. Philosophy without Science leads to nowhere. Only together they can construct a better world.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Every word that comes out of my neurons is to make humanity see that there are more things in our biology that make us one, than there are to set us apart. My goal is simple. It is to take the human civilization with me on the path of sweet general harmony.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|From the perspective of a general human being – a non-scientist, the most valuable element of the human mental life, is Emotion – a tiny portion of our conscious mental world. We humans as a species crave for emotional stimulation. And in many cases, as it happens, we are actually slaves to our emotions.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|In most cases, people argue over the term God, without having the perception of another person’s own idea of the word. Hence, often people with an atheistic perspective of the world attribute the God of many religious individuals to be an angry, authoritarian and vengeful God who acts like a human being and lives in the clouds or in heaven. But the irony is, most religious individuals do not conceive God in an anthropomorphic or angry way. Rather, in their personal psychological domain of religious or spiritual beliefs, they conceive God in more abstract, spiritual and merciful way.
Shubham Singh, TRUTH OF LOVE: Our life is based on the premise of love|Happiness & Sadness are compeerin other words,Sadness is the shadow of happinessjust like thatHappiness is the shadow of sadnesssadness gives Darknesshappiness gives Lightsadness gives Profundityhappiness gives HeightIt is always in proportion, that's its balanceIf you want happiness, Remember sadness will also come.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you can share the lessons you learnt through tears and heartache and others find life in it and are better off for it, then beauty has come out of those ashes.
Munia Khan|If God sets your speed limit high, don't be afraid of your life-car being crashed.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|Life is a journey filled with experiences but without the experiences, there will be no life.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Truth, by all means is the ultimate reward for all the sufferings of the human mind that often compel even the strongest of characters to get down on his or her knees.
Jude Sierra, What It Takes|What she meant was that I let my emotions control me. I was letting myself be helpless to them, and when we think we are our emotions, instead of our emotions being something we experience, or can let go of, or survive… they’re in control.
Abhijit Naskar|Don't judge people by their religious, cultural, or professional background. Judge if you must, by their behavior with other people.
Amanda Ashton-Booth|we are prisoners of our own lives, until we find the courage to break free from the prison that we created ourselves.
Muhammad Zaki|The art is not, to tell. The art is, not to tell.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you thank GOD for what you have, it means you appreciate and value what's in your hands. And when you value what's in your hands, it will open up its wonder to you.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be
Max Monroe, Scoring the Billionaire|Most times, even if giving your heart away ends in heartbreak, the risk was still worth it. Sometimes, that risk gives you little miracles. and sometimes, that risk gives you life lessons that allow you to grow and learn more about yourself.
Katy Evans, Womanizer|I learned you can't always count on your life plans to go your way. Sometimes some higher power somewhere has a bigger picture. Puts you where you didn't expect to be. To learn what you need to learn. Life sometimes doesn't run in the cycles it's expected to. We are all here for a blink. Life changes in a blink. We fall in love sometimes, in a blink.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you think no one sees you and you are so clouded in your messy state that you begin to think maybe just maybe even GOD is fed up. Know this: He sees the tears, collects them, pays you double for them, fortifies you with encouragement even through them and He will lift up your spirit.
Kemi Sogunle, Being Single: A State For The Fragile Heart: A Guide to Self-Love, Finding You and Purposeful Living|For every choice you make, there is a consequence to face. Choose wisely!
Kierra C.T. Banks|I don't know what love is, so I'll redefine it.
Jellis Vaes|Don't waste this life being sad, angry or depressed as you just don't have as much time as you think you do.
Anthony L. Williamms|Change your mind, change your future
Tony Williams|True happiness comes from within. When we stop looking for social proof and trust in ourselves, a certain magic happens. You are the most important person in your life, and, we are one.
Anthony L. Williams|If you want to change your future, you have to change your now, and to change your now you must change your mindset.
Lauren Graham, Talking as Fast as I Can: From Gilmore Girls to Gilmore Girls, and Everything in Between|What with your phone and the Xbox and the taxi TV and that music player you wear on your arm and the headphones that look like donuts on your ears, doesn’t it make life so much smaller? If absolutely everything important is only happening on such a small screen, isn’t that a shame? Especially when the world is so overwhelmingly large and surprising? Are you missing too much? You can’t imagine it now, but you’ll look like me one day, even though you’ll feel just the same as you do now. You’ll catch a glimpse of yourself in the mirror and think how quickly it’s all gone, and I wonder if all the time you used watching those families whose lives are filmed for the television, and making those cartoons of yourselves with panting dog tongues, and chasing after that terrible Pokémon fellow…well, will it feel like time well spent?
Joyce Rachelle|Don't be afraid to make mistakes. But if you do, make new ones. Life is too short to make the wrong choice twice.
James Hauenstein|Have no regrets in life because of the choices you make. Good or bad, they are a learning experience, to help you grow. The only regret in life, is to never make a choice at all.
Dan Johnston|My gift, if I would describe, is a double-edged sword. The good thing? I see through people and pierce their souls all the time. I can’t count how many times I listen to lies when I know the truth and intentions. I detect inauthenticity easy no matter how perfect a façade is. Genuine people love me because I protect them, fake people hate me because I crush them. The bad thing? Because it is my belief that everyone can grow into something beautiful, when I was young my sincerity and willingness to understand were taken the cost of neglecting people that genuinely love me and that breaks my heart more than anything. Now that I am older best I can do is to let go and leave people to where they are. At least I can tell myself that I tried.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you start with thanksgiving, you will always end with praise. Be thankful, it grows.
Anas Khan|Never ever try to look for the meaning of life. If you do, everything will become tasteless. Just stay where you are and be happy.Trust me, It's better to be in the illusion rather than in reality. So why spoil all the fun
Heidi Cullinan, A Private Gentleman|We all have pain, Wes. It isn't life without it. What matters in life isn't that we escape pain. What matters is that we overcome it.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Know yourself as you are – particles of start-dust moving through the eternal ocean of time, trying to make whatever little difference you can.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Any human action that goes against what is ordinary, is deemed as an anomaly.
Lois P. Frankel, Nice Girls Don't Get Rich : 75 Avoidable Mistakes Women Make with Money|As I mentioned earlier, women get mixed messages in childhood: You can do anything you want... but it wouldn't hurt to find someone who will take good care of you.
Abhijit Naskar|Ten minutes of meditation a day, keeps the psychiatrist away.
Kristen Day, Awaken|Every day I wake up is a day I’ve fought for. Every mistake, every laugh, every tear, and every sunrise; I’ve earned through the years of abuse and pain. I carry those memories with me as a reminder of who I am and what’s truly worth fighting for. And if you aren’t able to see that, I’m afraid your soul searching talents are highly suspect.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Sex becomes less and less pleasurable in a relationship over time. Your brain gets habituated to the sensual stimulation from your specific partner as you are exposed to it repeatedly. It doesn’t mean that the love is gone from the relationship. Love still exists beyond the barriers of time, in the form of attachment, which becomes independent of sexual intimacy after the euphoric stage of mad love.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Sometimes the only way to hold on, is to let go.
Candice Millard, The River of Doubt: Theodore Roosevelt's Darkest Journey|Theodore you have the mind but you have not the body, and without the help of the body the mind cannot go as far as it should. I am giving you the tools, but it is up to you to make your body.
Thomas Hardy, Far From The Madding Crowd, Volume 1 of 3|Gabriel Oak: "It's time for you to fight your own battles... and win them too.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Most religious individuals do not conceive God in an anthropomorphic or angry way. Rather, in their personal psychological domain of religious or spiritual beliefs, they conceive God in more abstract, spiritual and merciful way.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life is offering you infinite paths! To get stuck in one path is nothing but shallowness! Go deep, discover other lanes!
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|What is the point of finding the reason as long as you know that you are on the right path? And I have realized lately that the right path is the one where you feel happy within yourself, at ease within yourself. - The Monk (Pg-95)
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|A man woke up at midnight and wanted to smoke. Therefore he looked for some fire, for which he went to a neighbor’s house and knocked at the door. The neighbor opened the door and asked him what he wanted. The man said, I wish to smoke. Can you give me a little fire? The neighbor replied, O.M.G.! What the heck is wrong with you? You have taken so much trouble to come and wake us up at the middle of the night, while in your own hand you have a lantern! The God that human beings so keenly seek, lives within the human biology, yet they wander hitherto searching for it.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|The scriptures are just books. It all depends on you, whether you are going to learn goodness and compassion from them, or use them to destroy your environment.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|We the humans are too tiny to know something so grand as an Eternal Driving Force behind the Universe. Ultimately what would really matter in the development of our species as a whole is, we the humans serving humanity.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|When you move to a new environment with cultural and social characteristics different from your own, it is only logical, that you loosen some of the knots of your religious doctrines, to embrace the new and vivid environment as much as you wish to be embraced by the environment.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, What He Didn't See|Nothing looked the same, and everything looked the same.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, What He Didn't See|Jacob being sensitive is an endowment. Think about all you'd miss out on if you didn't feel things so deeply, or see things so clearly." "But feeling good things deeply means you feel bad things deeply, too." "Would you rather walk around oblivious to the meaning of things hidden under the surface and the opportunities to feel wonder and joy? Would you want to miss out on moments that take your breath away?
raja shakeel mushtaque|Most people in life follow!We follow the things, the people or the strict rules to achieve something in our lives. And there is a blessing when life hinders one to follow these things and slows the speed of following others and sometimes giving us no way to do so. Then you realize what lies in your inner self, the hidden treasure. The moment you become master of your hidden treasure, the world follows you and not you.
vm|to spoil in the borrowed time of denial is a liar to its self. and yourself, to banish the seeds of time is fruitful to be honest to one’s self.
Abhijit Naskar|The concern of your brain is not to see the actual nature of reality, but to represent the reality to you in such a way that suits your needs.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|I don't believe in luck, but rather destiny. And destiny comes when you chase opportunity, only then will you make your own path in life.
Abhijit Naskar|All the repressed emotions and subconscious desires in time lead to some kind of psychological or physiological breakdown, if kept unchecked.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Look for reasons to be happy, and soon you will find many!
Norhafsah Hamid, Back to Basics|We only have one chance in this life, so don't waste it on trivial people and matters.
Christian Coma (CC)|Words can mean nothing, or be daggers in someone's heart. Choose them wisely.
Abhijit Naskar|The Bible is not religion, nor are the Vedas. The Torah is not religion, nor is the Quran, or any other scripture on earth.
Abhijit Naskar|Once you reach the brink of your will power, you have two options - either give up, or keep going. That decision decides whether you'll reach your goal.
Abhijit Naskar|My experience of that liberation, what Buddha had called Nirvana, set me off in the path of scientific investigation of that Oneness, the thing people call, meeting with God. And that meeting triggered an unquenchable thirst in me to develop a proper scientific method to understand and further explore that apparently bizarre domain of Universal Consciousness.
Abhijit Naskar|Science works through replication, rectification and modification. But when it comes to religion, people simply tend to accept the theoretical preachers and their claims of historical God experiences without a single question. If there has been one experience in this world in any branch of knowledge, it absolutely follows that that experience will be repeated eternally. If they are not repeated through natural processes, the thinking humanity would have no way but to disprove that such an experience ever occurred in the history.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|There has been more bloodshed in the name of God than for any other cause. And it is all because people never attempt to reach the fountain-head. They are content only to comply with the customs of their forefathers, and want others to do the same.
Dembe Michael|Detach yourself from people that only exists when they need something from you. From people who only calls you a “friend” when they have favors and leave you behind afterwards. Remove toxic people in your life, they will become a hindrance to you.
Abhijit Naskar|True religion must raise to work at the bar and the bench, on the couch and on the streets, in the cottage of the poor man and in the penthouse of the entrepreneur, with the fisherman that is catching fish and with the students that are studying.
Abhijit Naskar|Time spent in assessing one's self, is the time spent best.
Abhijit Naskar|The Self, when finite, is Human and when infinite, is God.
Abhijit Naskar|Nature of Human is neither good nor bad, it is simply a fusion of primitive instinctual urges and modern humane conscience.
Abhijit Naskar|There are pearls in the deepest fathoms of the Self, but to get them you will have to go through unimaginable perils.
Abby Fabiaschi, I Liked My Life|You don't always get to know what happened, or why things happened a certain way, but it always, always, goes deeper than any one thing.
Saahil Prem|You are either the person you were or the person you are, eventually you have to let go of one
Lauren Bacall, By Myself|But the amazing thing about life, I've finally discovered, is that you really don't learn from past mistakes. You do logically, reasonably, but emotionally not for a second.
Abhijit Naskar|Dare to contradict the scientist, not because of your scripture, but because of your own rational thinking.
Santosh Kalwar|Life does not change if you only modify the content, your life will change if you will dare to alter the context.
Abhijit Naskar|Everything that humans have achieved until now, were once merely an imagination in someone’s head.
Abhijit Naskar|You’ll feel afraid at times. You’ll feel weak at times. But remember, fear and weakness are not your enemies. They are forms of evolutionary wisdom in the face of danger. Take some time to assess the situation and shake the weakness and fear off your limbic system.
Abhijit Naskar|At times, look back towards your ancient days, drink deep from the eternal fountain of wisdom long gone, and then look ahead.
kambiz shabankareh|I cannot change the people around me, but I can change what kind of people are around me.
Abhijit Naskar|Live every single moment of your life, for the one thing that is most precious to you.
Sandesh Hukpachongbang|Its not about what we take with us when we die,Its about what we leave behind.
Abhijit Naskar|Religion is an experience, not a bunch of doctrines.
Abhijit Naskar|There is no force in the universe that can harm you, unless you allow it to.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Humans are born with a hodge-podge of various brain circuits, that possess the seeds of peace, fear, love, hate, rage, pain, love, stress and faith. All these elements compose the emotional domain of our mental life. All these characters are ingrained in our limbic system, that keep our head straight in the path of survival. We humans can survive, only if, all these elements of our brain circuits function properly. Failure of any one element would mean extinction of the whole species.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|From the tiniest experience of your daily life to your grand perception of the universe, in various situations, the human brain tends to create its own myth and stories.
Colin Jost|We have to remember that progress isn’t just a straight line upwards, O.K.?It’s a weird roller coaster where sometimes you’re screaming for joy, and other times you’re barfing in your own face.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|When people shine a little light on their monster, we find out how similar most of our monsters are.
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|...in life, a man only comes to a few crossroads that can shape his future for good or bad. Sometimes one recognized these crossroads, and could stop and think about the right decision. But other times, the choice could only be seen with the clarity that came afterward.
Brittany Burgunder, Safety in Numbers: From 56 to 221 Pounds, My Battle with Eating Disorders|Life works in mysterious ways, and I believe one of the biggest challenges and successes is to let go and let it be.
Abhijit Naskar|A Christian must worship the Self as Christ, not Christ as Christ. A Muslim must worship the Self as Mohammed, not Mohammed as Mohammed. A Hindu must worship the Self as Krishna, not Krishna as Krishna.
Autumn Morning Star|Water is sacred to all Human Beings. If you do not have water, you cannot have life. I always remember to honor and pour the water because it is traditional.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|I will take all the action there is, and even if I fail and fail and fail and fail and fail, I know like I know, that the door to this opportunity will one day get weakened by the forces of my attempts, and break wide open for me to get in.
Steven Cuoco|Enjoy being with yourself, you will then not feel alone.
Russell Evans|Assaulted as we are with so many advertisements, messages, appeals, theories, and obligations, we are in danger of losing our way, if not our sanity.We must choose just those few things that we really value. If we filter out the rest and focus on these, we can regain our perspective, and our happiness.
Ivan Turgenev|It’s strange how things happen in life: you live with someone for a long time, you are on the best of terms, yet you never once speak to them frankly and from the heart; with someone else, you’ve hardly even got acquainted - and there you are: as if at confession, one or other of you is blurting out all his most intimate secrets.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Silence doesn’t mean no activity; it means highly synchronized actions, much like the work of a well-tuned motor. More noise and vibration never assure better engine performance; indeed, quite the opposite.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Ask anyone; possibly ninety-five percent of our wishes have come true. The unfortunate part is, we all overlook that, and regret all our lives and torment ourselves for not getting the other five percent.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a Scientist Who Found Himself by Getting Lost|Every man is subconsciously promiscuous, but it is the conscious mind that keeps those primordial urges in check. A healthy brain creates a healthy mind, which keeps your relationship strong, safe and healthy.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Nothing is forever, be it a good time or a bad time; nothing stays the same. Leaves change, seasons change, and so do people. And when people change, our relationships change with that.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|Neglect of women is the major cause for the society’s downfall. The man and the woman are the two wheels of the society. If either one becomes defective, the society cannot make progress. There will be hope for the well-being of the entire world only if the humans, men and women alike, stop deeming the women as some kind of inferior creatures. We, the responsible citizens of the world can build a better future for the entire species, only by improving the condition of the women.
Anonymous|If you are still searching for that one person who will change your life, take a look in the mirror.
Harry Haskell, Maiden Flight: A Novel|...if I have learned any one thing over the years, it's that life contains too many variables for us to be absolutely certain about anything. In the last analysis, there is no accounting for the human factor. It is always easier to deal with things than with men, and no one can direct his life entirely as he would choose.
Roshan Sharma|All the problems and challenges make life interesting. It makes the living worthwhile. If everything follows a straight order, we lose our interest out of life.
Adrián Lamo|People represented in book or film travel vast oceans of life unrecorded; studeo time costs money, and pens grow heavy.
Amy Tan, Saving Fish from Drowning|I had thus learned to push down my feelings, to force myself to not care, to do nothing and let things happen, come what may.
Akansh Malik, Love Heals Everything|Once we start writing with a pen, we are not allowed to erase our mistakes, we are forced to deal with it.
Dr. Ateendra Jha|life is a challenge, which never accept back challenge. Accept is as it is as when it will start ignoring you that will be horrible.
Louis ck|Life isn't something you possess, it's something you take part in.
kambiz shabankareh|Anyone who has read enough, explored enough and experienced enough, somewhere in his/ her life will realize that the life is repeating itself again and again and again. He/she will soon understand there is nothing new to discover, all quests of human life have been experience and discovered in the past and all we do to play the game over and over to gain a different result, like an idiot who watches movie several time and hope to see a different ending. In such age, people no to remain enthusiastic, they need to still be excited about the story, which they have heard more than millions of times. Hence, intellectuals and creators create new toys for them. The toys that practically has the same purpose and affect the same result, but ordinary human does not need to know that. They need to be interested to play, because if we stop, the world will stop, and then the age of nothingness will end. And we cannot let that happen can we?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Mind your mind, mind your time and mind your life! Life is just once and the real certainty or uncertainty that can make you lose it is always uncertain; until you understand this well, you shall never neither understand how well to live your life each moment of time and leave indelible footprints, big or small, that shall please God nor shall you ever know how well to live and leave noble and indelible footprints worth not just talking about, but emulating. Mind your mind, mind your time and mind your life!
Elise Kova, Crystal Crowned|You won’t ever have everyone love you, just as you won’t have everyone hate you. find the right people to love you and return the hatred of others with ambivalence or hatred of your own.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up. All you need is to be sure that GOD's hand is in it.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|Life is energy and, as such, it belongs to all, reaches all, and blesses all.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If only you could fully grasp how valuable, how limited and how unique every moment of your life is, you would never stand as still as a statue even a single moment because action is real living!
Riki Jou|People don't die, they continue to live. As long as you remember who they are when they're still living. See? Now that you've think about it, you thought about those who passed away and see them moving in your memories. That's right. They're still alive as long as you live. They only die when you can't remember them, and when the time comes you're dead too. Memories are the the real people.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|The moment you begin to see yourself as GOD sees you, it gives you permission, authority and the audacity to become what you see through His eyes.
Vikash Shrivastava|If you want to do something in your life,share everything but never your ideas.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|Not everyone has to be the chosen one. Not everyone has to be the guy who saves the world. Most people just have to live their lives the best they can, doing the things that are great from them, having great friends, trying to make their lives better, loving people probably. All the while knowing that the world makes no sense but trying to find a way to be happy anyways.
Robert Brault|If you cannot forgive and forget, pick one.
Daren Colbert|You wish you could’ve learned to play piano. You wish you could’ve started drawing when you were young. You wish you could’ve figured out who you wanted to be before you graduated college. You wish you could’ve learned to love yourself sooner. Well you know what? You didn’t. And that’s just something you’re going to have to learn to deal with. But just because you didn’t do it sooner, doesn’t mean you can’t start now.
Osama Sarwar|When there is faith, the world is balanced.
Aidan McNally, Two Sons Too Many|Accepting the facts is always tough, so we search for forgiveness to this universe everyday to break the shackles, hurt is a prison and I from a very young young age refused to be held prisoner or even conform.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|As I sit here in my favorite chair, I'm reminded of a story that my father shared with me when I was a young boy. He said that a chicken and a hog were having conversation about breakfast.The chicken was complaining because it must produce eggs for the farmer so that he can have eggs for breakfast, and the hog replied with tears in his eyes, that may be true, but I must give up my life so that he can have bacon.My question to you is, what has someone given you in order for you to eat, and what are you willing to give up so that someone else may eat at the table of life?
Ramana Pemmaraju|One must judiciously retrospect not just his actions but also reactions of the other in order to arrive at a sensible conclusion. The primary fallacy is that you're assuming that the other is functioning out of awareness - which is falsity and this further aggrevates the mental agony, driving you farther from reality. Watch on!
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|No matter how difficult things may seem, all things are possible.
Rob Liano|If you haven't arrived yet, keep driving, your destiny is waiting for you.
Shillpi S Banerrji|We are the children of a womb.Yet we differentiate each other,On color, creed and the sizes of our tombs!!
TemitOpe Ibrahim|GOD is so clear, He is invisible.
Osama Sarwar|When there faith, the world is balanced.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|Time couldn’t kill me a century ago, and it won’t in all the centuries ahead. I am the Philosophy that has been there since the birth of human intellect. And I shall live on forever through the inner cosmos of billions of generations, yet to come, while enriching every single soul it touches with its ever-glowing and flourishing purity.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|From all aspects of human perception, you truly are your brain.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|Before I was a Scientist, I was a Monk. And before I was a Monk, I was a naive young mind with ever- flowing streams of questions. And one of those questions, that always used to create intense ripples of curiosity in my psyche, was - Does God exist? And has anyone seen or experienced him?
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|A rational human being of the civilized world would be like the swan that can draw the milk from a mixture of milk and water, leaving aside the water.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|Sometimes life appears one way, but what matters is how you internalize life and its lessons.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Parents rarely let go of their children, so children let go of them. They move on. They move away. The moments that used to define them - a mother's approval, a father's nod - are covered by moments of their own accomplishments. It is not until much later, as the skin sags and the heart weakens, that children understand; their stories, and all their accomplishments, sit atop the stories of their mothers and fathers, stones upon stones, beneath the waters of their lives
TemitOpe Ibrahim|GOD in not just in the details, He is the detail.
K.L. Kreig, Black Swan Affair|When life gives you lemons, you don't make lemonade. That's for pantywaisters. No. You pucker up, suck them dry, then throw the used rinds back in life's face with a giant fuck-you and a gesture for more.
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|If you don't get the wrong people out of your life, you will never be able to get the right people in it!
Nikki Rowe|There are some moments you won't completely heal from, those rare ones you will take torn open to the grave but throughout all the big moments that shake you up there will be countless tiny experiences that help you laugh all over again.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Our evolution depends on our memory. If we keep forgetting the mistakes of the past, only to keep repeating them, then we will never change. Humanity will never move forward, spiritually or morally, to become superior beings.
Kyle D. Jones|Stop chasing society’s definition of success and chase your own definition of success. Success is an emotion that is experienced when you are completely fulfilled and content with where you are in life; it has nothing to do with a specific job, a specific amount of money in your bank account, or the quality of material possessions you acquire. You can be the richest man in the world, but still, feel unsuccessful, and you can be the poorest man in the world, but still, feel extremely successful.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|We believe in the good old days; we believe our best is in the past. Our past is our memories, our past is our learnings, our past should stay where it is. And we should let it.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|You will meet people in life who will just dislike you for no reason, not because there is anything wrong with you but because everything is going right for you. Until they master their own peace, they will always try to destroy yours.
Gavin Mills, Seed of Reason|When there is nothing left to love for, it's easy to die for something.
Alexandre Dumas fils, The Lady of the Camellias|The material world coexists alongside the ideal life, and the purest intentions are bound to the earth by ridiculous threads, but they are threads of iron and they are not easily broken.
Gavin Mills, Dup Departs: A Time to Go|What differentiates brother most from brother and beast is neither purpose, perspective nor prowess. It is simply intent.
Michael Quansah, What You Can't Live Without - The Cardinal Virtues|Life is war. By implication, life in itself places humanity with the need for battle in the struggle for success
Anon.|Don't cling to a mistake, just because you spent so much time making it.
Ken Poirot|We cannot change the past. We can only take action in the present and, therefore, change the future.
Aaron Lauritsen|When you compete, you gain more than you lose, even when you lose.
Marino Baccarini|When they slam a door on your face, it's life, adding another 110 lb plate to your bar and telling you: "Let's see how strong you are".
Marino Baccarini|In every moment of our life, we can deactivate the self-destruction command.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Daily life is an ongoing adaptation process of imprinting our memory’s storage center with useful data and the ceaseless expurgation of undesirable facts, exfoliation of destructive thoughts, and weeding out annoying emotional quirks that seemingly sprout out of thin air.
Marino Baccarini|Nowadays, nobody can teach you a useful thing about life, since models are outdated one moment after.
Saahil Prem|Fly’ GenerationWe stand tall, we stand proud, we are the ‘fly’ generationWe think what we learn to think and dream with our eyes openWe keep our hearts on our sleeves for it to be brokenbut we can take it, we are the ‘fly’ generation.We question things when we need to understandIts important we know, how it works, where we standWhy all this pain and no explanation?we need answers, we are the ‘fly’ generation.We love to hate and hate to love, what have we become?Since when is that the norm? when did we succumb?The victims will be forgotten and culprits will change faceBut we will still be running, running to win the invisible race.So here’s to the untold stories and six degrees of separationwe can take it, after all… we are the ‘fly’ generation.
Abhijit Naskar|We Neuroscientists have come a long way in proving that God is neither a Delusion nor an Almighty Being watching over life on Earth. God is the Event Horizon of Human Consciousness. I termed this state of attaining God, as 'Absolute Unity Qualia'.
Abhijit Naskar|There is no such thing as Hardcore Philosophy or Hardcore Science. Real Science and Real Philosophy do not destroy each other, they simply fulfil and enrich each other.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Age is only a number. Maturity to a large extent is dependent on your exposure to life, its experiences and your lessons from them.
Jasleen Kaur GumberKaur Gumber|I found myself when I least expected you- at the same old rocking chair in the room with the same flavor of tea. The only difference was the tea had turned cold, just as life had. And I found myself with an option. I could abandon this tea anytime and make a fresh one. You see?
Zane Baker|I've learned a lot this year...I've learned that some people will wrong you, forgive them anyway.I've learned that things might not work out as you thought they should, do them anyway.But what struck me the most isno matter how good or bad things are, life goes on, so live it anyway.
santhosh Namballa|Truth, at times is just an accepted opinion
Salman Mansuri|Sometimes life ask you a question, but you couldn't find answer in any book. You have to create answer yourself.
Michael P. Naughton, Deathryde: Rebel Without a Corpse|Are we living life, or is life living us?
Christy Aldridge|Comfortable? Don't be. I believe in those moments where we grow comfortable is where we stop growing, and in order to keep evolving, God slips the rug from beneath our feet and makes us look up.
Levon Peter Poe|We must look at things with new eyes.Work to live. To enjoy the life we have now and prepare for our lives to come. Not live to work, which is to eternally be a slave to a process of task to provide us with basic sustenance for a continued pitiful existence!I strive to live and love not simply survive and endure
Catherine Davis|After a TimeAfter a time, all losses are the same.One more thing lost is one thing less to lose;And we go stripped at last the way we came.Though we shall probe, time and again, our shame,Who lack the wit to keep or to refuse,After a time, all losses are the same.No wit, no luck can beat a losing game;Good fortune is a reassuring ruse:And we go stripped at last the way we came.Rage as we will for what we think to claim,Nothing so much as this bare thought subdues:After a time, all losses are the same.The sense of treachery--the want, the blame--Goes in the end, whether or not we choose,And we go stripped at last the way we came.So we, who would go raging, will go tameWhen what we have we can no longer use:After a time, all losses are the same;And we go stripped at last the way we came.
Werley Nortreus|So many people from my past taught me that it's not everyone that's in my life wants to see me achieve my goals and be great, but I thank God they're no longer in my life because I moved on a long time ago, welcome to my present.
Rofithah Omar|Sometimes, we become afraid to change because others judgment and opinions. Then, we making puerile excuses to please others, not ourselves.
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|In the end we all come to be cured of our sentiments. Those whom life does not cure, death will. The world is quite ruthless in selecting between the dream and the reality even where we will not. Between the wish and the thing, the world lies waiting.
Adedayo Olabamiji|Look forward, not behind. "Your best days are still out in front of you." Be focus & keep your dreams ALIVE
Aubrey Moore, Butterfly Red Sky|This caterpillar does not just simply grow wingsFirst, it must alter its mind; transform the very being of itselfIt must climb the tallest tree, the highest mountainSwim the deepest of oceansWalk through the fiercest of flamesAnd then, if it chooses, this caterpillar can become a butterfly
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|If you want to make room for something new, you must let go of something old that no longer serves you.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|There are two powerful fuels, two forces; motivation and inspiration. To be motivated you need to know what your motives are. Over time - and to sustain you through it - your motivation must become an inner energy; a 'motor' driving you forward, passionately, purposefully, wisely and compassionately... come what may, every day. Inspiration is an outer - worldly - energy that you breathe and draw in. It may come from many places, faces, spaces and stages - right across the ages. It is where nature, spirit, science, mind and time meet, dance, play and speak. It keeps you outward facing and life embracing. But you must be open-minded and open-hearted to first let it in and then let it out again. Together - blended, combined and re-entwined - motivation and inspiration bring connectivity, productivity, creativity and boundless possibilities that is not just 'self' serving but enriching to all humanity and societies...just as it should be.
Ajee Krishnan|Seeds eat no mudStem eats no seed,Leaf eats no stem,Flower consumes no leafNor fruit eats flower,The fruit, quit the tree with happinessWithout harming it.But the intelligent human-being, eats up all; still unhappy , hungry and ...
Amber Jacobs|We have a saying in the desert: It is better to see the truth, than to imagine it.
Hasse Jerner|Happiness is, when it comes to the understanding of its meaning, to sometimes be unhappy.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|To be fearless, you must simply fear less.
Zoltan Andrejkovics, The Invisible Game: The Mindset of a Winning Team|If I stress about a goal, I won't remember to find the way to get there.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You be good. That's your business. The rest, leave to God. That's his business.
Fakeer Ishavardas|My imaginary pal up there, Mr. NOT, tells me it's my dog-damn ism to kick your illusory he-man's ass. Now, what do you say to that?
Lea R. Caguinguin|LIFE LESSONSIf you plant honesty, you will reap trust* If you plant goodness, you will reap friends* If you plant humility, you will reap greatness* If you plant perseverance, you will reap contentment* If you plant consideration, you will reap perspective* If you plant hard work, you will reap success* If you plant forgiveness, you will reap reconciliation* If you plant faith in God, you will reap a harvestSo, be careful what you plant now; it will determine what you will reap later.
Dancolin Flamiano|Focus on living your life, and let the opinions of others be what they are.
Sanjeev Himachali|A LIE is BEAUTIFUL, melodious, STYLISH, and attractive. On the contrary, TRUTH is UGLY, rude, DULL and repulsive. That's why often people get attracted towards LIES. They embrace it and live with. The truth is usually ignored and disowned.
Elizabeth Blade|They say copying is a form of flattery, I say it's lack of originality.
Emma Larkin|We Burmese,' he began, 'are experts at looking for what's not there. It's something you should learn to do too. You must look for what's missing and learn how to find the truth in these absences.
Kamal Khanzada|Time is priceless; you are responsible for your time. Earn it or kill it, your choice
B.A. Paris, Behind Closed Doors|I cry even harder, thinking of how it could have been, of how I thought it would be. For the first time, I want to give up, to die, because suddenly everything is too much and there is no solution in sight.
Itohan Eghide, Master of Maxims|The actuality that the heart does not want to feel, doesn't negate the certitude that it once felt and will still feel.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Don't worry about not doing "it" perfectly right now. It's ok, just keep at it, you will soon settle in it and then you'll be glad you didn't give up.
Brandon Sanderson, Shadows of Self|If you want to know a man, dig in his firepit...Basically, it meant that you could judge a lot about a man's life by what he thew away - or by what he was willing to burn in order to stay warm.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The best thing about existence is that any moment in time can be a point of beginning to anything! In other words, every moment of our life holds a key for the unknown or the closed doors of new paths!
Joan London, The Golden Age|She limped, unaided around the house, like a bird with its wing broken. Tame, because it couldn’t fly away. All her time was taken up with managing herself, working out new ways to do things. Being a different person in the world.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Here is your most profound "why": to display and prove GOD
Tehya Sky|Dance bravely into your own heart, and you will find the love of all.
Blythe Danner|My theory in anything you do is to keep exploring, keep digging deeper to find new stuff.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When facts give way to faith, then and only then do you unlock the possibilities within.
Vaibhav Garg|Life is not a race.....not a struggle,& bla bla ....We make it a race , struggle.It's we to decide how should it be. Actually Life is Present & the choices we choose in past.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Whatever GOD creates, GOD sustains.
indonesia123|At the time we glorify self instead of glorify God, at that time we are wasting our time as... God is Time.
Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy|It has been said, 'time heals all wounds.' I do not agree. The wounds remain. In time, the mind, protecting its sanity, covers them with scar tissue and the pain lessens. But it is never gone.
Eric Roth, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button Screenplay|For what it’s worth: it’s never too late or, in my case, too early to be whoever you want to be. There’s no time limit, stop whenever you want. You can change or stay the same, there are no rules to this thing. We can make the best or the worst of it. I hope you make the best of it. And I hope you see things that startle you. I hope you feel things you never felt before. I hope you meet people with a different point of view. I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the courage to start all over again.
Andy Warhol, The Philosophy of Andy Warhol|They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Unfortunately, the clock is ticking, the hours are going by. The past increases, the future recedes. Possibilities decreasing, regrets mounting.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.
George Harrison|It's being here now that's important. There's no past and there's no future. Time is a very misleading thing. All there is ever, is the now. We can gain experience from the past, but we can't relive it; and we can hope for the future, but we don't know if there is one.
Lao Tzu|Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.
Benjamin Franklin|You may delay, but time will not.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|Sometimes I feel like if you just watch things, just sit still and let the world exist in front of you - sometimes I swear that just for a second time freezes and the world pauses in its tilt. Just for a second. And if you somehow found a way to live in that second, then you would live forever.
William Penn|Time is what we want most,but what we use worst.
Jean Genet|A man must dream a long time in order to act with grandeur, and dreaming is nursed in darkness.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|For a while" is a phrase whose length can't be measured.At least by the person who's waiting.
Tennessee Williams, Memoirs|Time doesn't take away from friendship, nor does separation.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|There should be a statute of limitation on grief. A rulebook that says it is all right to wake up crying, but only for a month. That after 42 days you will no longer turn with your heart racing, certain you have heard her call out your name. That there will be no fine imposed if you feel the need to clean out her desk; take down her artwork from the refrigerator; turn over a school portrait as you pass - if only because it cuts you fresh again to see it. That it's okay to measure the time she has been gone, the way we once measured her birthdays.
Susan Sontag|All photographs are memento mori. To take a photograph is to participate in another person’s (or thing’s) mortality, vulnerability, mutability. Precisely by slicing out this moment and freezing it, all photographs testify to time’s relentless melt.
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|There are moments when I wish I could roll back the clock and take all the sadness away, but I have the feeling that if I did, the joy would be gone as well.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She wanted none of those days to end, and it was always with disappointment that she watched the darkness stride forward. 
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Time isn’t precious at all, because it is an illusion. What you perceive as precious is not time but the one point that is out of time: the Now. That is precious indeed. The more you are focused on time—past and future—the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it. The river was cut by the world's great flood and runs over rocks from the basement of time. On some of the rocks are timeless raindrops. Under the rocks are the words, and some of the words are theirs. I am haunted by waters.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Time is a slippery thing: lose hold of it once, and its string might sail out of your hands forever.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy;—it is disposition alone. Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other, and seven days are more than enough for others.
Walt Disney Company|Fantasy, if it's really convincing, can't become dated, for the simple reason that it represents a flight into a dimension that lies beyond the reach of time.
Charles Buxton|You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|With endless time, nothing is special. With no loss or sacrifice, we can’t appreciate what we have
Bill Cosby|The past is a ghost, the future a dream and all we ever have is now.
Alan W. Watts|I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|Inelegantly, and without my consent, time passed.
Vladimir Nabokov|I confess I do not believe in time. I like to fold my magic carpet, after use, in such a way as to superimpose one part of the pattern upon another. Let visitors trip. And the highest enjoyment of timelessness―in a landscape selected at random―is when I stand among rare butterflies and their food plants. This is ecstasy, and behind the ecstasy is something else, which is hard to explain. It is like a momentary vacuum into which rushes all that I love. A sense of oneness with sun and stone. A thrill of gratitude to whom it may concern―to the contrapuntal genius of human fate or to tender ghosts humoring a lucky mortal.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|But if you come at just any time, I shall never know at what hour my heart is to be ready to greet you.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Months are different in college, especially freshman year. Too much happens. Every freshman month equals six regular months—they're like dog months.
John Paul II|The future starts today, not tomorrow.
Martin Luther|This life therefore is not righteousness, but growth in righteousness, not health, but healing, not being but becoming, not rest but exercise. We are not yet what we shall be, but we are growing toward it, the process is not yet finished, but it is going on, this is not the end, but it is the road. All does not yet gleam in glory, but all is being purified.
Alan W. Watts|We are living in a culture entirely hypnotized by the illusion of time, in which the so-called present moment is felt as nothing but an infintesimal hairline between an all-powerfully causative past and an absorbingly important future. We have no present. Our consciousness is almost completely preoccupied with memory and expectation. We do not realize that there never was, is, nor will be any other experience than present experience. We are therefore out of touch with reality. We confuse the world as talked about, described, and measured with the world which actually is. We are sick with a fascination for the useful tools of names and numbers, of symbols, signs, conceptions and ideas.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The writer's curse is that even in solitude, no matter its duration, he never grows lonely or bored.
William Gibson, Distrust That Particular Flavor|Time moves in one direction, memory another. We are that strange species that constructs artifacts intended to counter the natural flow of forgetting.
Cecelia Ahern, The Gift|Time is more precious than gold, more precious than diamonds, more precious than oil or any valuable treasures. It is time that we do not have enough of; it is time that causes the war within our hearts, and so we must spend it wisely.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Time is a gift, given to you, given to give you the time you need, the time you need to have the time of your life. 
John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra|Another glorious Sierra day in which one seems to be dissolved and absorbed and sent pulsing onward we know not where. Life seems neither long nor short, and we take no more heed to save time or make haste than do the trees and stars. This is true freedom, a good practical sort of immortality.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|I wasted time, and now doth time waste me.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|I wanted to go on sitting there, not talking, not listening to the others, keeping the moment precious for all time, because we were peaceful all of us, we were content and drowsy even as the bee who droned above our heads. In a little while it would be different, there would come tomorrow, and the next day and another year. And we would be changed perhaps, never sitting quite like this again. Some of us would go away, or suffer, or die, the future stretched away in front of us, unknown, unseen, not perhaps what we wanted, not what we planned. This moment was safe though, this could not be touched. Here we sat together, Maxim and I, hand-in-hand, and the past and the future mattered not at all. This was secure, this funny little fragment of time he would never remember, never think about again…For them it was just after lunch, quarter-past-three on a haphazard afternoon, like any hour, like any day. They did not want to hold it close, imprisoned and secure, as I did. They were not afraid.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Have you also learned that secret from the river; that there is no such thing as time?" That the river is everywhere at the same time, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the current, in the ocean and in the mountains, everywhere and that the present only exists for it, not the shadow of the past nor the shadow of the future.
Geoffrey Chaucer, The Parliament of Birds|The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne.
R.A. Salvatore, Streams of Silver|Nostalgia is a necessary thing, I believe, and a way for all of us to find peace in that which we have accomplished, or even failed to accomplish. At the same time, if nostalgia precipitates actions to return to that fabled, rosy-painted time, particularly in one who believes his life to be a failure, then it is an empty thing, doomed to produce nothing but frustration and an even greater sense of failure.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Time’s a goon, right? You gonna let that goon push you around?” Scotty shook his head. “The goon won.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Time is Galleons, little brother.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|It's funny, how one can look back on a sorrow one thought one might well die of at the time, and know that one had not yet reckoned the tenth part of true grief.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|But now isn’t simply now. Now is also a cold reminder: one whole day later than yesterday, one year later than last year. Every now is labeled with its date, rendering all past nows obsolete, until — later of sooner — perhaps — no, not perhaps — quite certainly: it will come.
Anna Quindlen, Loud and Clear|The biggest mistake I made is the one that most of us make while doing this. I did not live in the moment enough. This is particularly clear now that the moment is gone, captured only in photographs. There is one picture of the three on them sitting in the grass on a quilt in the shadow of the swing set on a summer day, ages 6, 4, and 1. And I wish I could remember what we ate, and what we talked about, and how they sounded, and how they looked when they slept that night. I wish I had not been in a hurry to get on to the next things: dinner, bath, book, bed. I wish I had treasured the doing a little more and the getting it done a little less.
Johnny Depp|I always felt like I was meant to have been born in another era, another time.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Time goes faster the more hollow it is. Lives with no meaning go straight past you, like trains that don’t stop at your station.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Time and I have quarrelled. All hours are midnight now. I had a clock and a watch, but I destroyed them both. I could not bear the way they mocked me.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|You forget, time doesn't exist anymore. You gave it to me.
Helen Humphreys, Coventry|Maybe reading was just a way to make her feel less alone, to keep her company. When you read something you are stopped, the moment is stayed, you can sometimes be there more fully than you can in your real life.
Graham Greene|Eternity is said not to be an extension of time but an absence of time, and sometimes it seemed to me that her abandonment touched that strange mathematical point of endlessness, a point with no width, occupying no space.
John Milton|How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth,Stol'n on his wing my three-and-twentieth year!
Daphne du Maurier|We know one another. This is the present. There is no past and no future. Here I am washing my hands, and the cracked mirror shows me to myself, suspended as it were, in time; this is me, this moment will not pass. And then I open the door and go to the dining-room, where he is sitting waiting for me at a table, and I think how in that moment I have aged, and passed on, how I have advanced one step towards an unknown destiny.We smile, we choose our lunch, we speak of this and that, but - I say to myself-I am not she who left him five minutes ago. She has stayed behind. I am another woman, older, more mature…
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|As she’d left, I’d glanced at her gun.This time, when she’d pointed it at me, she’d flicked the safety on. If that wasn’t true love, I don’t know what was.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Time flows in strange ways on Sundays, and sights become mysteriously distorted.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Men live their lives trapped in an eternal present, between the mists of memory and the sea of shadow that is all we know of the days to come.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|Tell me, he said, "What is this thing about time? Why is it better to be late than early? People are always saying, we must wait, we must wait. what are they waiting for?""Well […] I guess people wait in order to make sure of what they feel.""And when you have waited—-has it made you sure?
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Odysseus inclines his head. "True. But fame is a strange thing. Some men gain glory after they die, while others fade. What is admired in one generation is abhorred in another." He spread his broad hands. "We cannot say who will survive the holocaust of memory. Who knows?" He smiles. "Perhaps one day even I will be famous. Perhaps more famous than you.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|If you imagine the 4,500-bilion-odd years of Earth's history compressed into a normal earthly day, then life begins very early, about 4 A.M., with the rise of the first simple, single-celled organisms, but then advances no further for the next sixteen hours. Not until almost 8:30 in the evening, with the day five-sixths over, has Earth anything to show the universe but a restless skin of microbes. Then, finally, the first sea plants appear, followed twenty minutes later by the first jellyfish and the enigmatic Ediacaran fauna first seen by Reginald Sprigg in Australia. At 9:04 P.M. trilobites swim onto the scene, followed more or less immediately by the shapely creatures of the Burgess Shale. Just before 10 P.M. plants begin to pop up on the land. Soon after, with less than two hours left in the day, the first land creatures follow. Thanks to ten minutes or so of balmy weather, by 10:24 the Earth is covered in the great carboniferous forests whose residues give us all our coal, and the first winged insects are evident. Dinosaurs plod onto the scene just before 11 P.M. and hold sway for about three-quarters of an hour. At twenty-one minutes to midnight they vanish and the age of mammals begins. Humans emerge one minute and seventeen seconds before midnight. The whole of our recorded history, on this scale, would be no more than a few seconds, a single human lifetime barely an instant. Throughout this greatly speeded-up day continents slide about and bang together at a clip that seems positively reckless. Mountains rise and melt away, ocean basins come and go, ice sheets advance and withdraw. And throughout the whole, about three times every minute, somewhere on the planet there is a flash-bulb pop of light marking the impact of a Manson-sized meteor or one even larger. It's a wonder that anything at all can survive in such a pummeled and unsettled environment. In fact, not many things do for long.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Time moves slowly, but passes quickly.
Michael Ende, Momo|People never seemed to notice that, by saving time, they were losing something else. No one cared to admit that life was becoming ever poorer, bleaker and more monotonous. The ones who felt this most keenly were the children, because no one had time for them any more. But time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart. And the more people saved, the less they had.
Joyce Carol Oates, Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang|The strangeness of Time. Not in its passing, which can seem infinite, like a tunnel whose end you can't see, whose beginning you've forgotten, but in the sudden realization that something finite, has passed, and is irretrievable.
Diamanda Galás, The Shit of God|I wake up and I see the face of the devil and I ask him, "What time is it?"And he says, How much time do you want?
Carl Sandburg|Time is the coin of your life. It is the only coin you have, and only you can determine how it will be spent. Be careful lest you let other people spend it for you.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy ready-made things in the shops. But since there are no shops where you can buy friends, men no longer have any friends.
W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz|It seems to me then as if all the moments of our life occupy the same space, as if future events already existed and were only waiting for us to find our way to them at last, just as when we have accepted an invitation we duly arrive in a certain house at a given time.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|TimeYou were the oneI wanted mostto stay.But time could notbe kept at bay.The more it goes,the more it's gone—the more it takes away.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|We ran into lots of old friends. Friends from elementary school, junior high school, high school. Everyone had matured in their own way, and even as we stood face to face with them they seemed like people from dreams, sudden glimpses through the fences of our tangled memories. We smiled and waved, exchanged a few words, and then walked on in our separate directions.
Patricia Briggs, Raven's Strike|Time was such an odd thing. One moment you could talk to someone, then suddenly, they were gone.
John Steinbeck, Tortilla Flat|Time is more complex near the sea than in any other place, for in addition to the circling of the sun and the turning of the seasons, the waves beat out the passage of time on the rocks and the tides rise and fall as a great clepsydra.
Kasie West, Pivot Point|He shrugs. "Doesn't help to waste my time thinking about would've-beens."Laila whispers, "He says to the girl with a mind full of them.
P.G. Wodehouse|-'What do ties matter, Jeeves, at a time like this?'There is no time, sir, at which ties do not matter
George Head, A Home Tour Through the Manufacturing Districts of England in the Summer of 1835|If time be judiciously employed, there is time for everything.
John Green, Paper Towns|I'd had nearly four years of experience looking at these clocks, but their sluggishness never ceased to surprise. If I am ever told that I have one day to live, I will head straight to the hallowed halls of Winter Park High School, where a day has been known to last a thousand years.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|By the time you're thirty, your worst enemy is yourself.
Horace Mann|Lost, yesterday, somewhere between sunrise and sunset, two golden hours, each set with sixty diamond minutes. No reward is offered for they are gone forever.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|I do not particularly like the word 'work.' Human beings are the only animals who have to work, and I think that is the most ridiculous thing in the world. Other animals make their livings by living, but people work like crazy, thinking that they have to in order to stay alive. The bigger the job, the greater the challenge, the more wonderful they think it is. It would be good to give up that way of thinking and live an easy, comfortable life with plenty of free time. I think that the way animals live in the tropics, stepping outside in the morning and evening to see if there is something to eat, and taking a long nap in the afternoon, must be a wonderful life. For human beings, a life of such simplicity would be possible if one worked to produce directly his daily necessities. In such a life, work is not work as people generally think of it, but simply doing what needs to be done.
Eugene O'Neill, A Moon for the Misbegotten|There is no present or future-only the past, happening over and over again-now.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|how does she know it's the right room?' wondered Descant.Oh, I don't know; mabye it's the magical red glow coming from the doorway, or perhaps it's the deafening howl of the temporal winds.' said Mervall. Descant nodded.'You could be right, brother. And don't think I don't know sarcasm when I hear it.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Modern man thinks he loses something - time - when he does not do things quickly. Yet he does not know what to do with the time he gains, except kill it.
Madeleine L'Engle|But there is something about Time. The sun rises and sets. The stars swing slowly across the sky and fade. Clouds fill with rain and snow, empty themselves, and fill again. The moon is born, and dies, and is reborn. Around millions of clocks swing hour hands, and minute hands, and second hands. Around goes the continual circle of the notes of the scale. Around goes the circle of night and day, the circle of weeks forever revolving, and of months, and of years.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|In the vastness of space and the immensity of time, it is my joy to share a planet and an epoch with Annie.[Dedication to Sagan's wife, Ann Druyan, in Cosmos]
Roman Payne|From all that I saw, and everywhere I wandered, I learned that time cannot be spent. It can only be squandered.
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|Deserts possess a particular magic, since they have exhausted their own futures, and are thus free of time. Anything erected there, a city, a pyramid, a motel, stands outside time. It's no coincidence that religious leaders emerge from the desert. Modern shopping malls have much the same function. A future Rimbaud, Van Gogh or Adolf Hitler will emerge from their timeless wastes.
Monty Roberts|If you act like you've only got fifteen minutes, it will take all day. Act like you've got all day, it will take fifteen minutes.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|From space, astronauts can see people making love as a tiny speck of light. Not light, exactly, but a glow that could be confused for light - a coital radiance that takes generations to pour like honey through the darkness to the astronaut's eyes.In about one and a half centuries - after the lovers who made the glow will have long since been laid permanently on their backs - the metropolitan cities will be seen from space. They will glow all year. Smaller cities will also be seen, but with great difficulty. Towns will be virtually impossible to spot. Individual couples invisible.
Elizabeth Goudge, Green Dolphin Street|Nothing living should ever be treated with contempt. Whatever it is that lives, a man, a tree, or a bird, should be touched gently, because the time is short. Civilization is another word for respect for life...
Hayao Miyazaki|If [hand-drawn animation] is a dying craft, we can't do anything about it. Civilization moves on. Where are all the fresco painters now? Where are the landscape artists? What are they doing now? The world is changing. I have been very fortunate to be able to do the same job for 40 years. That's rare in any era.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|This thing all things devours:Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;Gnaws iron, bites steel;Grinds hard stones to meal;Slays king, ruins town,And beats high mountain down.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|An infinity of passion can be contained in one minute, like a crowd in a small space.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|Want to have a short phone call with someone? Call them at 11:55 a.m., right before lunch. They'll talk fast. You may think you are interesting, but you are not more interesting than lunch.
Tim Winton, Breath|It’s how I fill the time when nothing’s happening. Thinking too much, flirting with melancholy.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Both described at the same time how it was always March there and always Monday, and then they understood that José Arcadio Buendía was not as crazy as the family said, but that he was the only one who had enough lucidity to sense the truth of the fact that time also stumbled and had accidents and could therefore splinter and leave an eternalized fragment in a room.
Isabel Allende, The House of the Spirits|At times I feel as if I had lived all this before and that I have already written these very words, but I know it was not I: it was another woman, who kept her notebooks so that one day I could use them. I write, she wrote, that memory is fragile and the space of a single life is brief, passing so quickly that we never get a chance to see the relationship between events; we cannot gauge the consequences of our acts, and we believe in the fiction of past, present, and future, but it may also be true that everything happens simultaneously. ... That's why my Grandmother Clara wrote in her notebooks, in order to see things in their true dimension and to defy her own poor memory.
Erlend Loe, Naïve. Super|We shall never meet, but there is something I want you to know. My time is not the same as your time. Our times are not the same. And do you know what that means? That means that time does not exist. Do you want me to repeat that? There is no time. There is a life and a death. There are people and animals. Our thoughts exist. And the world. The universe, too. But there is no time. You might as well take it easy. Do you feel better now? I feel better. This is going to work out. Have a nice day.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|I hadn’t been a nerd, mind you. I’d just been the type of guy who spent a lot of time by himself, focused entirely on a single consuming interest.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I don't have time, energy, or interest in hating the haters; I'm too busy loving the lovers.
Isaac Asimov, I, Robot|Fifty years," I hackneyed, "is a long time.""Not when you're looking back at them," she said. "You wonder how they vanished so quickly.
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|If we accept time for what it is, how it flows and how we flow with it, I doubt very much that would continue wasting loads of it by constantly checking our watches.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|What an unreliable thing is time--when I want it to fly, the hours stick to me like glue. And what a changeable thing, too. Time is the twine to tie our lives into parcels of years and months. Or a rubber band stretched to suit our fancy. Time can be the pretty ribbon in a little girl's hair. Or the lines in your face, stealing your youthful colour and your hair. .... But in the end, time is a noose around the neck, strangling slowly.
Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin|If you keep waiting for the right time, it may never happen. Sometimes you have to make the most of the time you have.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|It's funny, don't you think, how time seems to do a lot of things? It flies, it tells, and worst of all, it runs out.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|It's funny, but certain faces seem to go in and out of style. You look at old photographs and everybody has a certain look to them, almost as if they're related. Look at pictures from ten years later and you can see that there's a new kind of face starting to predominate, and that the old faces are fading away and vanishing, never to be seen again.
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|I'm trying to remember how you tell the time by looking at the sun." -"I should leave it for a while, it's too bright to see the numbers at the moment.
Lemony Snicket, The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming: A Christmas Story|Santa Claus has nothing to do with it," the latke said. "Christmas and Hanukah are completely different things.""But different things can often blend together," said the pine tree. "Let me tell you a funny story about pagan rituals.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|There was only present, and it was infinite. The past and the future were just blinders we wore so that infinity wouldn't drive us mad.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|The busiest people I have known in my life always have time enough to do everything. Those who do nothing are always tired and pay no attention to the little amount of work they are required to do. They complain constantly that the day is too short. The truth is, they are afraid to fight the good fight.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted.Until you loved a mortal. Then time became gold in a miser's hands, every bright year counted out carefully, infinitely precious, and each one slipping through your fingers.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|They have gone. And the tunnel is about to close. So, boys, I am looking for someone to blame.
Jack London, The Call of the Wild|He was sounding the deeps of his nature, and of the parts of his nature that were deeper than he, going back into the womb of Time.
Meg Rosoff, What I Was|And still the brain continues to yearn, continues to burn, foolishly, with desire. My old man's brain is mocked by a body that still longs to stretch in the sun and form a beautiful shape in someone else's gaze, to lie under a blue sky and dream of helpless, selfless love, to behold itself, illuminated, in the golden light of another's eyes.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsession|Oh, shimmer down, Hunter. You're too testy. How many times have I've told you that you need to chill out, take a vacay. Disney World is really fun this time of the year. you should check it out.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|The future is foretold from the past and the future is only possible because of the past. Without past and future, the present is partial. All time is eternally present and so all time is ours. There is no sense in forgetting and every sense in dreaming. Thus the present is made rich.
Alexander Graham Bell|Man is the result of slow growth; that is why he occupies the position he does in animal life. What does a pup amount to that has gained its growth in a few days or weeks, beside a man who only attains it in as many years.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|It hadn't been so long ago, yet sometimes she felt that she'd been an altogether different person back then.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|I wasted time, and now doth time waste me; For now hath time made me his numbering clock: My thoughts are minutes; and with sighs they jar Their watches on unto mine eyes, the outward watch, Whereto my finger, like a dial's point, Is pointing still, in cleansing them from tears. Now sir, the sound that tells what hour it is Are clamorous groans, which strike upon my heart, Which is the bell: so sighs and tears and groans Show minutes, times, and hours.
Hector Berlioz|Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its stud
Jessica Maria Tuccelli, Glow|I wish I’d paid better attention. I didn’t yet think of time as finite. I didn’t fully appreciate the stories she told me until I became adult, and by then I had to make do with snippets pasted together, a film projected on the back of my mind.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|In the coming days and weeks, Laila would scramble frantically to commit it all to memory, what happened next. Like an art lover running out of a burning museum, she would grab whatever she could--a look, a whisper, a moan--to salvage from perishing to preserve. But time is the most unforgiving of fires, and she couldn't, in the end, save it all.
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|Why had he assumed time was some sort of infinite resource? Now the hourglass had busted open, and what he’d always assumed was just a bunch of sand turned out to be a million tiny diamonds.
Seneca|The part of life we really live is small.' For all the rest of existence is not life, but merely time.
Thornton Wilder, Our Town|Yes, now you know. Now you know! That's what it was to be alive. To move about in a cloud of ignorance; to go up and down trampling on the feelings of those...of those about you. To spend and waste time as though you had a million years. To be always at the mercy of one self-centered passion, or another. Now you know — that's the happy existence you wanted to go back to. Ignorance and blindness.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|The secret is,” I say, whispering right into his ear, “that yours was the best kiss I’ve ever had in my life.”“But I’ve never kissed you,” he whispers back. Around us the rain sounds like falling glass. “Not since third grade, anyway.” I smile, but I’m not sure if he can see it.“Better get started, then,” I say, “because I don’t have much time.
Gordon Livingston|Only bad things happen quickly, . . . Virtually all the happiness-producing processes in our lives take time, usually a long time: learning new things, changing old behaviors, building satisfying relationships, raising children. This is why patience and determination are among life’s primary virtues. 
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|You see, this happened a few months ago, but it's still going on right now, and it ought to make us feel ashamed when we talk like we know what we're talking about when we talk about love.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time. When she'd been young, she'd had an insatiable hunger for more of it, though she hadn't understood why. Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world. The apple tree was still nice to lie near. They peony, for its scent, also fine. When she walked through the woods (infrequently now) she picked her way along the path, making way for the boy inside to run along before her. It could be hard to choose the time outside over the time within.
Charles A. Lindbergh, The Spirit of St. Louis|On a long flight, after periods of crisis and many hours of fatigue, mind and body may become disunited until at times they seem completely different elements, as though the body were only a home with which the mind has been associated but by no means bound. Consciousness grows independent of the ordinary senses. You see without assistance from the eyes, over distances beyond the visual horizon. There are moments when existence appears independent even of the mind. The importance of physical desire and immediate surroundings is submerged in the apprehension of universal values.For unmeasurable periods, I seem divorced from my body, as though I were an awareness spreading out through space, over the earth and into the heavens, unhampered by time or substance, free from the gravitation that binds to heavy human problems of the world. My body requires no attention. It's not hungry. It's neither warm or cold. It's resigned to being left undisturbed. Why have I troubled to bring it here? I might better have left it back at Long Island or St. Louis, while the weightless element that has lived within it flashes through the skies and views the planet. This essential consciousness needs no body for its travels. It needs no plane, no engine, no instruments, only the release from flesh which circumstances I've gone through make possible.Then what am I – the body substance which I can see with my eyes and feel with my hands? Or am I this realization, this greater understanding which dwells within it, yet expands through the universe outside; a part of all existence, powerless but without need for power; immersed in solitude, yet in contact with all creation? There are moments when the two appear inseparable, and others when they could be cut apart by the merest flash of light.While my hand is on the stick, my feet on the rudder, and my eyes on the compass, this consciousness, like a winged messenger, goes out to visit the waves below, testing the warmth of water, the speed of wind, the thickness of intervening clouds. It goes north to the glacial coasts of Greenland, over the horizon to the edge of dawn, ahead to Ireland, England, and the continent of Europe, away through space to the moon and stars, always returning, unwillingly, to the mortal duty of seeing that the limbs and muscles have attended their routine while it was gone.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|There are times when the actual experience of leaving something makes you wish desperately that you could stay, and then there are times when the leaving reminds you a hundred times over why exactly you had to leave in the first place.
Xiaolu Guo, A Concise Chinese-English Dictionary for Lovers|About time, what I really learned from studying English is: time is different with timing.I understand the difference of these two words so well. I understand falling in love with the right person in the wrong timing could be the greatest sadness in a person's entire life.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|Each time is true, but the truths are not the same.
Laura Wiess, Leftovers|Time is not your friend. It doesn't care if you live fast or die slow, if you are or if you aren't. It was here before you arrived and it will go on after you leave. Time doesn't care who wins or who loses, if your life span is full or empty, honorable or shameful. Time is indifferent. It simply doesn't give a shit.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|The Clock on the Morning Lenape BuildingMust Clocks be circles?Time is not a circle.Suppose the Mother of All Minutes startedright here, on the sidewalkin front of the Morning Lenape Building, and the paradeof minutes that followed--each of them, say, one inch long--headed out that way, down Bridge Street.Where would Now be? This minute?Out past the moon?Jupiter?The nearest star?Who came up with minutes, anyway?Who needs them?Name one good thing a minute's ever done.They shorten fun and measure misery.Get rid of them, I say.Down with minutes!And while you're at it--take hourswith you too. Don't get me startedon them.Clocks--that's the problem.Every clock is a nest of minutes and hours.Clocks strap us into their shape.Instead of heading for the nearest star, all we dois corkscrew.Clocks lock us into minutes, make Ferris wheel riders of us all, lug us round and roundfrom number to number,dice the time of our lives into tiny bitsuntil the bits are all we knowand the only question we care to ask is"What time is it?"As if minutes could tell.As if Arnold could look up at this clock onthe Lenape Building and read:15 Minutes till Found.As if Charlie's time is not forever stuckon Half Past Grace.As if a swarm of stinging minutes waits for Betty Lou to step outside.As if love does not tell all the time the Huffelmeyersneed to know.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in. I drink at it; but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is. Its thin current slides away, but eternity remains.
Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul|Because time is a drop in the ocean, and you cannot measure off one drop against another to see which one is bigger, which one is smaller.
Karl Lagerfeld|For every book you buy, you should buy the time to read it.
Karl Ove Knausgård, A Time for Everything|And it's a disquieting thought that not even the past is done with, even that continues to change, as if in reality there is only one time, for everything, one time for every purpose under heaven. One single second, one single landscape, in which what happens activates and deactivates what has already happened in endless chain reactions, like the processes that take place in the brain, perhaps, where cells suddenly bloom and die away, all according to the way the winds of consciousness are blowing.
Duke Ellington|I don't need time, I need a deadline.
Yahtzee Croshaw|Well we've left behind the 200X's, and we move onto the 20XX's. Maybe that will finally make us feel like we're living in the future, rather than a media controlled slave state where an iPhone is worth substantially more than a human life. Happy new year.
Henry B. Eyring|Even a moment's reflection will help you see that the problem of using your time well is not a problem of the mind but of the heart. It will only yield to a change in the very way we feel about time. The value of time must change for us. And then the way we think about it will change, naturally and wisely. That change in feeling and in thinking is combined in the words of a prophet of God in this dispensation. It was Brigham Young, and the year was 1877, and he was speaking at April general conference. He wasn't talking about time or schedules or frustrations with too many demands upon us. Rather, he was trying to teach the members of the Church how to unite themselves in what was called the united order. The Saints were grappling with the question of how property should be distributed if they were to live the celestial law. In his usual direct style, he taught the people that they were having trouble finding solutions because they misunderstood the problem. Particularly, he told them they didn't understand either property or the distribution of wealth. Here is what he said: With regard to our property, as I have told you many times, the property which we inherit from our Heavenly Father is our time, and the power to choose in the disposition of the same. This is the real capital that is bequeathed unto us by our Heavenly Father; all the rest is what he may be pleased to add unto us. To direct, to counsel and to advise in the disposition of our time, pertains to our calling as God's servants, according to the wisdom which he has given and will continue to give unto us as we seek it. [JD 18:354] Time is the property we inherit from God, along with the power to choose what we will do with it. President Young calls the gift of life, which is time and the power to dispose of it, so great an inheritance that we should feel it is our capital. The early Yankee families in America taught their children and grandchildren some rules about an inheritance. They were always to invest the capital they inherited and live only on part of the earnings. One rule was "Never spend your capital." And those families had confidence the rule would be followed because of an attitude of responsibility toward those who would follow in later generations. It didn't always work, but the hope was that inherited wealth would be felt a trust so important that no descendent would put pleasure ahead of obligation to those who would follow. Now, I can see and hear Brigham Young, who was as flinty a New Englander as the Adams or the Cabots ever hoped to be, as if he were leaning over this pulpit tonight. He would say something like this, with a directness and power I wish I could approach: "Your inheritance is time. It is capital far more precious than any lands or stocks or houses you will ever get. Spend it foolishly, and you will bankrupt yourself and cheapen the inheritance of those that follow you. Invest it wisely, and you will bless generations to come.	“A Child of Promise”, BYU Speeches, 4 May 1986
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|He knew now that it was his own will to happiness which must make the next move. But if he was to do so, he realized that he must come to terms with time, that to have time was at once the most magnificent and the most dangerous of experiments. Idleness is fatal only to the mediocre.
Cassandra Clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|Magnus deeply disliked people who were early to business meetings. It was just as bad as being late, since it put everyone out, and even worse, people who were early always acted terribly superior about their bad timekeeping skills. They acted as though it were morally more righteous to get up early than to stay up late, even if you got the same amount of work done in the exact same amount of time. Magnus found it to be one of the great injustices of life.
J. Lynn, Be with Me|Time was a funny and fickle thing. Sometimes there was never enough of it, and other times it stretched out endlessly.
Margery Williams Bianco, The Velveteen Rabbit|You become. It takes a long time. That’s why it doesn’t happen often to people who break easily, or have sharp edges, or who have to be carefully kept. Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in your joints and very shabby.But these things don’t matter at all, because once you are Real you can’t be ugly, except to people who don’t understand.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Time interval is a strange and contradictory matter in the mind. It would be reasonable to suppose that a routine time or an eventless time would seem interminable. It should be so, but it is not. It is the dull eventless times that have no duration whatever. A time splashed with interest, wounded with tragedy, crevassed with joy - that's the time that seems long in the memory. And this is right when you think about it. Eventlessness has no posts to drape duration on. From nothing to nothing is no time at all.
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|Your past is a skeleton walking one step behind you, and your future is a a skeleton walking one step in front of you. Maybe you don't wear a watch, but your skeletons do, and they always know what time it is.
Susane Colasanti, When It Happens|Do you want to be with Dave for the rest of your life?” Then he rips off a piece of paper and picks upthe smallest charcoal stick from my set. He writes something. He passes it over to me.It says:Time will tell.“And while you’re waiting,” he says, “don’t settle for anything less than what you really want.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Time really is one big continuous cloth, no? We habitually cut out pieces of time to fit us, so we tend to fool ourselves into thinking that time is our size, but it really goes on and on.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|But why do only unimportant things?" asked Milo, who suddenly remembered how much time he spent each day doing them."Think of all the trouble it saves," the man explained, and his face looked as if he'd be grinning an evil grin--if he could grin at all. "If you only do the easy and useless jobs, you'll never have to worry about the important ones which are so difficult. You just won't have the time. For there's always something to do to keep you from what you really should be doing, and if it weren't for that dreadful magic staff, you'd never know how much time you were wasting.
Aprilynne Pike, Illusions|Time was like that, though - racing forward when she wanted it to slow down, then crawling to a stop when she could least bear it.
Mhairi McFarlane, You Had Me At Hello|University's like this little world, a bubble of time separate from everything before and everything after.
Lenny Bruce, The Essential Lenny Bruce: his original unexpurgated satirical routines|Satire is tragedy plus time. You give it enough time, the public, the reviewers will allow you to satirize it. Which is rather ridiculous, when you think about it.
Roberto Bolaño, By Night in Chile|As time goes by, as time goes by, the whip-crack of the years, the precipice of illusions, the ravine that swallows up all human endeavour except the struggle to survive.
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|The car was on the FDR drive now and, turning her head, she glanced out at the bleak brown buildings of the projects that stretched for blocks along the drive. Something inside her sank at the sight of all that sameness, and she suddenly felt defeated.She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. In the past year, she'd started experiencing these moments of desperate emptiness, as if nothing really mattered, nothing was ever going to change, there was nothing new; and she could see her life stretching before her--one endless long day after the next, in which every day was essentially the same. Meanwhile, time was marching on, and all that was happening to her was that she was getting older and smaller, and one day she would be no bigger than a dot, and then she would simply disappear. Poof! Like a small leaf burned up under a magnifying glass in the sun. These feelings were shocking to her, because she'd never experienced world-weariness before. She'd never had time. All her life, she'd been striving and striving to become this thing that was herself--the entity that was Nico O'Neilly. And then, one morning, time had caught up with her and she had woken up and realized that she was there. She had arrived at her destination, and she had everything she'd worked so hard for: a stunning career, a loving (well, sort of) husband, whom she respected, and a beautiful eleven-year-old daughter whom she adored.She should have been thrilled. But instead, she felt tired. Like all those things belonged to someone else.
Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere|It's hard to believe. Where does the times go?' Betty sighs. 'I've always hated that phrase. It makes it would like time went on a holiday, and is expected back any day now. Time flies is another one I hate. Apparently, time does quite a bit of traveling, though.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Since time is the one immaterial object which we cannot influence—neither speed up nor slow down, add to nor diminish—it is an imponderably valuable gift.
Seneca|It's not that we have little time, but more that we waste a good deal of it.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Time itself is neutral; it can be used either destructively or constructively. More and more I feel that the people of ill will have used time much more effectively than have the people of good will. We will have to repent in this generation not merely for the hateful words and actions of the bad people but for the appalling silence of the good people. Human progress never rolls in on wheels of inevitability; it comes through the tireless efforts of men willing to work to be co-workers with God, and without this hard work, time itself becomes an ally of the forces of social stagnation. We must use time creatively, in the knowledge that the time is always ripe to do right.
Pierre-Simon Laplace|We ought to regard the present state of the universe as the effect of its antecedent state and as the cause of the state that is to follow. An intelligence knowing all the forces acting in nature at a given instant, as well as the momentary positions of all things in the universe, would be able to comprehend in one single formula the motions of the largest bodies as well as the lightest atoms in the world, provided that its intellect were sufficiently powerful to subject all data to analysis; to it nothing would be uncertain, the future as well as the past would be present to its eyes. The perfection that the human mind has been able to give to astronomy affords but a feeble outline of such an intelligence.
Cecelia Ahern|Our life is made up of time; our days are measured in hours, our pay measured by those hours, our knowledge is measured by years. We grab a few quick minutes in our busy day to have a coffee break. We rush back to our desks, we watch the clock, we live by appointments. And yet your time eventually runs out and you wonder in your heart of hearts if those seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years and decades were being spent the best way they possibly could. In other words, if you could change anything, would you?
William Shakespeare, The Complete Sonnets and Poems|Love is not loveWhich alters when alteration finds,Or bends with the remover to remove:Oh, no, it is an ever-fixèd mark,that looks on tempests and is never shaken.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|…everyone needs a somewhere, a place he can go. There comes a time, you see, inevitably there comes a time you have to have a somewhere you can go!
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|It’s all fine to say, “Time will heal everything, this too shall pass away. People will forget”—and things like that when you are not involved, but when you are there is no passage of time, people do not forget and you are in the middle of something that does not change.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|In this moment, there is plenty of time. In this moment, you are precisely as you should be. In this moment, there is infinite possibility. (17)
Guy de Maupassant|If I could, I would stop the passage of time. But hour follows on hour, minute on minute, each second robbing me of a morsel of myself for the nothing of tomorrow. I shall never experience this moment again.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|No need to feel guilty if you can't be a good man all the time. But anytime your heart is feeling so eager to do even a small good deed, then it might be a good chance for you…to be a better man.
Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time|Time was something that largely happened to other people; he viewed it in the same way that people on the shore viewed the sea. It was big and it was out there, and sometimes it was an invigorating thing to dip a toe into, but you couldn't live in it all the time. Besides, it always made his skin wrinkle.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|When time is reduced to linear progress, it is emptied of presence.
Omar Khayyám|How much more of the mosque, of prayer and fasting?Better go drunk and begging round the taverns.Khayyam, drink wine, for soon this clay of yoursWill make a cup, bowl, one day a jar.When once you hear the roses are in bloom,Then is the time, my love, to pour the wine;Houris and palaces and Heaven and Hell-These are but fairy-tales, forget them all.
André Breton|The important thing is that man is lost in time, in the moment that immediately precedes him - which only attests, by reflection, to the fact that he is lost in the moment that follows
Robertson Davies, The Papers of Samuel Marchbanks|I object to being told that I am saving daylight when my reason tells me that I am doing nothing of the kind... At the back of the Daylight Saving scheme, I detect the bony, blue-fingered hand of Puritanism, eager to push people into bed earlier, and get them up earlier, to make them healthy, wealthy, and wise in spite of themselves.
Martina Boone|Her hands crept around his neck, tangling in his hair to keep him closer, even though she knew that beautiful boys with expiration dates couldn't be held, only borrowed for a time.
Ian McEwan, The Child in Time|For children, childhood is timeless. It is always the present. Everything is in the present tense. Of course, they have memories. Of course, time shifts a little for them and Christmas comes round in the end. But they don’t feel it. Today is what they feel, and when they say ‘When I grow up,’ there is always an edge of disbelief—how could they ever be other than what they are?
Albert Camus|…. Query: How contrive not to waste one's time?Answer: By being fully aware of it all the while.Ways in which this can be done: By spending one's days on an uneasy chair in a dentist's waiting-room; by remaining on one's balcony all of a Sunday afternoon; by listening to lectures in a language on doesn't know; by traveling by the longest and least-convenient train routes, and of course standing all the way; by lining up at the box-office of theaters and then not buying a seat; and so forth.
Garth Nix, Abhorsen|Time plays tricks between here and home," said Mogget sepulchrally, frightening the life out of the telephone operator.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|It is too late." The old man shook his head. "It is never too late or too soon. It is when it is supposed to be." He smiled. "There is a plan, Dor.
Steve Goodier|Money is not the only commodity that is fun to give. We can give time, we can give our expertise, we can give our love or simply give a smile. What does that cost? The point is, none of us can ever run out of something worthwhile to give.
Doug Larsen|For disappearing acts, it's hard to beat what happens to the eight hours supposedly left after eight of sleep and eight of work.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|My point is: maybe you can afford to wait. Maybe for you there's a tomorrow. Maybe for you there's one thousand tomorrows, or three thousand, or ten, so much time you can bathe in it, roll around it, let it slide like coins through your fingers. So much time you can waste it.But for some of us there's only today. And the truth is, you never really know.
Paul Bowles, The Sheltering Sky|Because neither she nor Port had ever lived a life of any kind of regularity, they had both made the fatal error of coming hazily to regard time as non-existent. One year was like another year. Eventually everything would happen.
José Saramago, Blindness|You never know beforehand what people are capable of, you have to wait, give it time, it's time that rules, time is our gambling partner on the other side of the table and it holds all the cards of the deck in its hand, we have to guess the winning cards of life, our lives.
Franz Winkler|Not too long ago thousands spent their lives as recluses to find spiritual vision in the solitude of nature. Modern man need not become a hermit to achieve this goal, for it is neither ecstasy nor world-estranged mysticism his era demands, but a balance between quantitative and qualitative reality. Modern man, with his reduced capacity for intuitive perception, is unlikely to benefit from the contemplative life of a hermit in the wilderness. But what he can do is to give undivided attention, at times, to a natural phenomenon, observing it in detail, and recalling all the scientific facts about it he may remember. Gradually, however, he must silence his thoughts and, for moments at least, forget all his personal cares and desires, until nothing remains in his soul but awe for the miracle before him. Such efforts are like journeys beyond the boundaries of narrow self-love and, although the process of intuitive awakening is laborious and slow, its rewards are noticeable from the very first. If pursued through the course of years, something will begin to stir in the human soul, a sense of kinship with the forces of life consciousness which rule the world of plants and animals, and with the powers which determine the laws of matter. While analytical intellect may well be called the most precious fruit of the Modern Age, it must not be allowed to rule supreme in matters of cognition. If science is to bring happiness and real progress to the world, it needs the warmth of man's heart just as much as the cold inquisitiveness of his brain.
Coco Chanel|There is a time for work, and a time for love. That leaves no other time.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|I am now 33 years old, and it feels like much time has passed and is passing faster and faster every day. Day to day I have to make all sorts of choices about what is good and important and fun, and then I have to live with the forfeiture of all the other options those choices foreclose. And I'm starting to see how as time gains momentum my choices will narrow and their foreclosures multiply exponentially until I arrive at some point on some branch of all life's sumptuous branching complexity at which I am finally locked in and stuck on one path and time speeds me through stages of stasis and atrophy and decay until I go down for the third time, all struggle for naught, drowned by time. It is dreadful. But since it's my own choices that'll lock me in, it seems unavoidable--if I want to be any kind of grownup, I have to make choices and regret foreclosures and try to live with them.
J.R. Ward, Lover Reborn|You could lose the ones you loved in the blink of an eye—and he was willing to bet, when it happened, you weren’t thinking about all the reasons that could have kept you apart. You thought of all the reasons that kept you together. And, no doubt, how you wished you’d had more time. Even if you’d had centuries… When you were young, you thought time was a burden, something to be discharged as fast as possible so you could be grown-up. But it was such a bait-n-switch—when you were an adult, you came to realize that minutes and hours were the single most precious thing you had. No one got forever. And it was a fucking crime to waste what you were given.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|I sound contemptuous, but I am not. I am interested--intrigued even--by the way time erases real lives, leaving only vague imprints. Blood and spirit fade away so that only names and dates remain.
Adam Young|Time. There is much time left and lots of life seasons. There is much to see, to do, and to be.
Jonathan Carroll, A Child Across the Sky|Time talks behind our back. To our face it's friendly and logical, never hesitating to give more of itself. But when we're not looking, it steals our lives and says bad things about us to the parts of us it's stolen
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|For this too I learned, that a storyteller's tale may end, but history goes on always. These events, so distant in legend, play a part in shaping the very events we witness about us, each and every day.
Paul Sheehan|Travellers understand, instinctively and by experience, that travel and adventure change and elongate time, even while navigating the deadlines of airline and train departures.
Michael LeBoeuf|Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|There are no telegraphs on Tralfamadore. But you're right: each clump of symbols is a brief, urgent message-- describing a situation, a scene. We Tralfamadorians read them all at once, not one after the other. There isn't any particular relationship between all the messages, except that the author has chosen them carefully, so that, when seen all at once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There is no beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we love in our books are the depths of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.
Caleb Carr, The Angel of Darkness|She has that quality, does the Hudson, as I imagine all great rivers do: the deep, abiding sense that those activities what take place on shore among human beings are of the moment, passing, and aren't the stories by way of which the greater tale of this planet will, in the end, be told.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|The time which we have at our disposal every day is elastic; the passions that we feel expand it, those that we inspire contract it; and habit fills up what remains.
A.W. Tozer|When you kill time, remember that it has no resurrection.
Martha Graham|There is only one of you in all time, this expression is unique. And if you block it, it will never exist through any other medium and it will be lost.
Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, At Knit's End: Meditations for Women Who Knit Too Much| It is a peculiarity of knitters that they chronically underestimate the amount of time it takes to knit something. Birthday on Saturday? No problem. Socks are small. Never mind that the average sock knit out of sock-weight yarn contains about 17,000 stitches. Never mind that you need two of them. (That's 34,000 stitches, for anybody keeping track.) Socks are only physically small. By stitch count, they are immense.
Karl Lagerfeld|I'm open to everything. When you start to criticize the times you live in, your time is over.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|Transience is the force of time that makes a ghost of every experience. There was never a dawn, regardless how beautiful or promising, that did not grow into a noontime. There was never a noon that did not fall into afternoon. There was never an afternoon that did not fade toward evening. There never was a day yet that did not get buried in the graveyard of the night. In this way transience makes a ghost out of everything that happens to us.
Roman Payne, Hope and Despair|The youthful body untouched decays the fastest, for no living hands record its splendor; and here youth and time are wasted.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|Nick... I hope one day you find you a woman who loves you like my Melissa loved me. Whatever you do, boy, don't turn your back on her. If she says she needs you for something, don't matter how stupid it sounds or what deadline you got, you go to her and you do it. Screw work or whatever else. In the end, the only things that matter are the people in your life. The ones who make your life worth living and whose smiles light up your world. Don't ever push them aside for fair-weather friends. Everything else is just cheap window dressing that you can replace. But once them people are gone..." He winced. "You can't buy back time, Nick. Ever. It's the only thing in life you can't get more of, and it's the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it's gone. It takes pity on no soul and no heart. And all those fools who tell you it gets easier in time are lying dumb-asses. Losing someone you really love don't never get easier. You just go a few hours longer without breaking down. That's all... that's all. - Bubba
Charles Frazier|So of course time is necessary. But nevertheless damn painful, for it transforms all the pieces of your life - joy and sorrow, youth and age, love and hate, terror and bliss - from fire into smoke rising up the air and dissipating on a breeze.
Lee Thompson|...people change, even good people, if they get the wrong thing in their head. And not everything is always what it looks like and sometimes just because one person looks weak, they might be very strong, and another person might look like a spooky freak but he might be one of the kindest people you'd ever meet. And I guess I learned that time is slippery...We have to enjoy every second, love with all our hearts, all we can, while we can.
Marie Beynon Ray|Begin doing what you want to do now. We are not living in eternity. We have only this moment, sparkling like a star in our hand - and melting like a snowflake. Let us use it before it is too late.
S.M. Boyce, Lichgates|But that’s the trouble with moments—they end." ~Narrator
John Burroughs|I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see. The longer I live, the more my mind dwells upon the beauty and the wonder of the world.
C.S. Lewis|We have trained them to think of the Future as a promised land which favored heroes attain-not as something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|When the rare chance comes, seize itTo do the rare deed.
Andrei Tarkovsky|In a certain sense the past is far more real, or at any rate more stable, more resilient than the present. The present slips and vanishes like sand between the fingers, acquiring material weight, only in its recollection.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|It's strange how time can make a place shrink, make its strangeness ordinary.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|The concept of time, as it’s commonly understood by normalpeople with normal jobs and normal goddamn lives, doesn’texist on the road. The nights spread out like the dark,godforsaken highways that distinguish them, and the days runtogether like Thanksgiving dinner smothered in gravy. Younever really know where you are or what time it is, and the outsideworld starts to fade away.It’s cool.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Today is an ephemeral ghost...A strange amazing day that comes only once every four years. For the rest of the time it does not "exist."In mundane terms, it marks a "leap" in time, when the calendar is adjusted to make up for extra seconds accumulated over the preceding three years due to the rotation of the earth. A day of temporal tune up!But this day holds another secret—it contains one of those truly rare moments of delightful transience and light uncertainty that only exist on the razor edge of things, along a buzzing plane of quantum probability...A day of unlocked potential.Will you or won't you? Should you or shouldn't
Orson Scott Card, Children of the Mind|The lives of all people flow through time, and, regardless of how brutal one moment may be, how filled with grief or pain or fear, time flows through all lives equally.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|But Time, unfortunately, though it makes animals and vegetables bloom and fade with amazing punctuality, has no such simple effect upon the mind of man. The mind of man, moreover, works with equal strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented on the timepiece of the mind by one second.
Mary Balogh, The Devil's Web|Occasionally we all do wrong things from right motives. Only time can prove us right or wrong. The past is the past. Nothing can change it now, and who is to say that it was all wrong, anyway?
Alice Henderson, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Vol. 1|Six a.m.!" Xander cried. "I know that's a number on my clock, but I've never actually been awake to personally witness it!
Aeschylus, Prometheus Bound|Time, as it grows old, teaches all things.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Silence. How long it lasted, I couldn't tell. It might have been five seconds, it might have been a minute. Time wasn't fixed. It wavered, stretched, shrank. Or was it me that wavered, stretched, and shrank in the silence? I was warped in the folds of time, like a reflection in a fun house mirror.
Gary Jennings|I do not know what she was thinking, but I was remembering the years we have lived together, yet never together, and what a waste they have been--of each other, and of love, which is the most unpardonable waste there is. Love and time, those are the only two things in all the world and all of life that cannot be bought, but only spent.
John Van Epp, How to Avoid Falling in Love with a Jerk: The Foolproof Way to Follow Your Heart Without Losing Your Mind|It's funny, I don't feel any older than I did when I was twenty. But I know I am, because recently some twenty-year-old called me 'sir.' Sometimes the only way you know you are getting older is by the way others treat you.
T.S. Eliot, The Wasteland, Prufrock and Other Poems|There will be time, there will be timeTo prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet;There will be time to murder and create,And time for all the works and days of handsThat lift and drop a question on your plate;Time for you and time for me,And time yet for a hundred indecisions,And for a hundred visions and revisions,Before the taking of a toast and tea.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|She would fain have caught at the skirts of that departing time, and prayed it to return, and give her back what she had too little valued while it was yet in her possession. What a vain show Life seemed! How unsubstantial, and flickering, and flitting! It was as if from some aerial belfry, high up above the stir and jar of the earth, there was a bell continually tolling, ‘All are shadows!—all are passing!—all is past!
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|History overflows time. Love overflows the allowance of the world. All the vessels overflow, and no end or limit stays put. Every shakable thing has got to be shaken. In a sense, nothing that was ever lost in Port William ever has been replaced. In another sense, nothing is ever lost, and we are compacted together forever, even by our failures, our regrets, and our longings.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Everyone just wasting time because they have so much of it to waste, minutes slipping by on who's with who and did you hear.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Waiting. Simply one person doing nothing, over time, while another approached.
George Kubler|Actuality is when the lighthouse is dark between flashes: it is the instant between the ticks of the watch: it is a void interval slipping forever through time: the rupture between past and future: the gap at the poles of the revolving magnetic field, infinitesimally small but ultimately real. It is the interchronic pause when nothing is happening. It is the void between events.
Hubert Selby Jr., The Room|Time has to pass. But sometimes its so goddamn long. Sometimes it just seems to drag and drag and weigh a ton. And hang on you like a monkey. Like its going to suck the blood out of you. Or squeeze your guts out. And sometimes it flies. And is gone somewhere, somehow, before you know it was even here. As if time is only here to make you miserable. That's the only reason for time. To squeeze you. Crush you. To tie you up in knots and make you fucking miserable.
Mark Doty|The physical reinvention of the world is endless, relentless, fascinating, exhaustive; nothing that seems solid is. If you could stand at just a little distance in time, how fluid and shape-shifting physical reality would be, everything hurrying into some other form, even concrete, even stone.
Larry Niven|There were timelines branching and branching, a mega-universe of universes, millions more every minute. Billions? Trillions? The universe split every time someone made a decision. Split, so that every decision ever made could go both ways. Every choice made by every man, woman, and child was reversed in the universe next door.
Shannon L. Alder|Time doesn't heal all wounds, only distance can lessen the sting of them.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|Time, Ms. McHenry," Townsend said. "It can be a cruel, cruel thing
Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day|The proper, wise balancingof one's whole life may depend upon thefeasibility of a cup of tea at an unusual hour.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|You can’t buy time, Nick. Ever. It’s the only thing in life you can’t get most of, and it’s the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it’s gone. It takes no pity on no soul and no heart.
Arthur Machen, The Terror|We both wondered whether these contradictions that one can't avoid if one begins to think of time and space may not really be proofs that the whole of life is a dream, and the moon and stars bits of nightmare.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|The moment seemed endless, but it was probably only half that.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Most of us take for granted that time flies, meaning that it passes too quickly. But in the mindful state, time doesn't really pass at all. There is only a single instant of time that keeps renewing itself over and over with infinite variety.
Clive Barker, The Thief of Always|We're both thieves, Harvey Swick. I take time. You take lives. But in the end we're the same: both Thieves of Always.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Now I wonder if it means that the future is a place, or like a place, that I could go to; that is go to in some way otherthan just getting older.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|So one must be resigned to being a clock that measures the passage of time, now out of order, now repaired, and whose mechanism generates despair and love as soon as its maker sets it going? Are we to grow used to the idea that every man relives ancient torments, which are all the more profound because they grow comic with repetition? That human existence should repeat itself, well and good, but that it should repeat itself like a hackneyed tune, or a record a drunkard keeps playing as he feeds coins into the jukebox...
C.S. Lewis|The humans live in time but our Enemy destines them to eternity. He therefore, I believe, wants them to attend chiefly to two things, to eternity itself, and to that point of time which they call the Present. For the Present is the point at which time touches eternity. Of the present moment, and of it only, humans have an experience analogous to the experience which our Enemy has of reality of whole; in it alone freedom and actuality are offered to them. 
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Given that life is so short, do I really want to spend one-ninetieth of my remaining days on earth reading Edward Gibbon?
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Grief ... gives life a permanently provisional feeling. It doesn't seem worth starting anything. I can't settle down. I yawn, I fidget, I smoke too much. Up till this I always had too little time. Now there is nothing but time. Almost pure time, empty successiveness.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|For me the noise of Time is not sad: I love bells, clocks, watches — and I recall that at first photographic implements were related to techniques of cabinetmaking and the machinery of precision: cameras, in short, were clocks for seeing, and perhaps in me someone very old still hears in the photographic mechanism the living sound of the wood.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 1: Bonds of Hate|A while ago?” Anaxantis asked. “Yes, he raped me a while ago. Exactly nine months and two days ago. What's that? Nine months or nine minutes. It's the same. And it is in the past, you say? Then why is it still happening, every day, every time I close my eyes? Every time I hear someone behind me, and I don't know who it is? How is it that I get an almost irresistible urge to kill anyone who happens to touch me unexpectedly? Tell me, Hemarchidas, how do I forgive, let alone forget, something that is still happening, that keeps happening over and over? How? How do I do that?
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|... the river is everywhere at once, at the source and at the mouth, at the waterfall, at the ferry, at the rapids, in the sea, in the mountains, everywhere at once, and that there is only the present time for it, not the shadow of the past, not the shadow of the future.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Time has a different meaning for me, and these events that seem so monumental in the moment will one day be nothing more than a line in a scroll. These humans are but letters to be inked into history. A hundred years from now, I will be free. I will have forgotten their names and faces, and the struggles they have will not matter. Time has a way of burying things, shifting like the desert and swallowing entire civilizations, erasing them from map and memory. Always, in the end, everything returns to dust.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Nothing makes time pass or shortens the way like a thought that absorbs in itself all the faculties of the one who is thinking. External existence is then like a sleep of which this thought is the dream. Under its influence, time has no more measure, space has no more distance.
Jorge Luis Borges, Selected Non-Fictions|The thought came over me that never would one full and absolute moment, containing all the others, justify my life, that all of my instants would be provisional phases, annihilators of the past turned to face the future, and that beyond the episodic, the present, the circumstantial, we were nobody.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|They had parted as boys, and now life presented one of them with a fugitive and the other with a dying man. Both wondered whether this was due to the cards they'd been dealt or to the way they had played them.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|If the whole world I once could seeOn free soil stand, with the people freeThen to the moment might I say,Linger awhile. . .so fair thou art.
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|Maybe the more emotions a person experiences in their daily lives, the longer time seems to feel to them. As you get older, you experience fewer new things, and so time seems to go by faster.
Hippocrates|The physician must be able to tell the antecedents, know the present, and foretell the future — must mediate these things, and have two special objects in view with regard to disease, namely, to do good or to do no harm.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|As a breath on glass, -As witch-fires that burn,The gods and monsters pass,Are dust, and return.(“The Face of the Skies”)
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|She needed Andrew Simpson Smith, it was that simple. And he had spent his life training to help people like her. Gods. "Okay, Andrew. But let's leave today. I'm in a hurry.""Of course. Today." He stroked the place where his slight beard was beginning to grow. "These ruins where your friends are waiting? Where are they?"Tally glances up at the sun, still low enough to indicate the eastern horizon. After a moment's calculation, she pointed off to the northwest, back toward the city and beyond that, the Rusty Ruins. "About a week's walk that way." "A week?""That means seven days.""Yes, I know the gods' calendar," he said huffily. "But a whole week?""Yeah. That's not so far, is it?" The hunters had been tireless on their march the night before. He shook his head, an awed expression on his face. "But that is beyond the edge of the world.
Ben Harper|They say time will make all this go away. But it's time that's taken my tomorrow, and turned them into yesterday.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|History isn't the lies of the victors, as I once glibly assured Old Joe Hunt; I know that now. It's more the memories of the survivors, most of whom are neither victorious or defeated.
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio: A Group of Tales of Ohio Small Town Life|There is a time in the life of every boy when he for the first time takes the backward view of life. Perhaps that is the moment when he crosses the line into manhood. The boy is walking through the street of his town. He is thinking of the future and of the figure he will cut in the world. Ambitions and regrets awake within him. Suddenly something happens; he stops under a tree and waits as for a voice calling his name. Ghosts of old things creep into his consciousness; the voices outside of himself whisper a message concerning the limitations of life. From being quite sure of himself and his future he becomes not at all sure. If he be an imaginative boy a door is torn open and for the first time he looks out upon the world, seeing, as though they marched in procession before him, the countless figures of men who before his time have come out of nothingness into the world, lived their lives and again disappeared into nothingness. The sadness of sophistication has come to the boy. With a little gasp he sees himself as merely a leaf blown by the wind through the streets of his village. He knows that in spite of all the stout talk of his fellows he must live and die in uncertainty, a thing blown by the winds, a thing destined like corn to wilt in the sun.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|There are little pockets of old time in London, where things and places stay the same, like bubbles in amber,” she explained. “There’s a lot of time in London, and it has to go somewhere—it doesn’t all get used up at once.” “I may still be hung over,” sighed Richard. “That almost made sense.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|After long enough, everyone in the world will be you enemy.
Bill Graham|Our days are numbered. One of the primary goals in our lives should be to prepare for our last day. The legacy we leave is not just in our possessions, but in the quality of our lives. What preparations should we be making now? The greatest waste in all of our earth, which cannot be recycled or reclaimed, is our waste of the time that God has given us each day.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|The time would not pass. Somebody was playing with the clocks, and not only the electronic clocks but the wind-up kind too. The second hand on my watch would twitch once, and a year would pass, and then it would twitch again.There was nothing I could do about it. As an Earthling I had to believe whatever clocks said -and calendars.
Kate Moss|I got tired of feeling like Dracula. I wanted to see some daylight, and not just at six o’clock in the morning.
Sam Tanenhaus, Literature Unbound|Our nemesis is time, against which we have a single ally, memory, and even it betrays us.
Robert A. Bradley, Husband-Coached Childbirth: The Bradley Method of Natural Childbirth|God schedules a birthday, not man.
Thomas Carlyle, Sartor Resartus|Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together; that at length they may emerge, full-formed and majestic, into the daylight of Life, which they are thenceforth to rule. Not William the Silent only, but all the considerable men I have known, and the most undiplomatic and unstrategic of these, forbore to babble of what they were creating and projecting. Nay, in thy own mean perplexities, do thou thyself but hold thy tongue for one day: on the morrow, how much clearer are thy purposes and duties; what wreck and rubbish have those mute workmen within thee swept away, when intrusive noises were shut out! Speech is too often not, as the Frenchman defined it, the art of concealing Thought; but of quite stifling and suspending Thought, so that there is none to conceal. Speech too is great, but not the greatest. As the Swiss Inscription says: Sprecfien ist silbern, Schweigen ist golden (Speech is silvern, Silence is golden); or as I might rather express it: Speech is of Time, Silence is of Eternity.
Louis Hector Berlioz|Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ...
Margaret George, Elizabeth I|Perhaps life is like an hour glass, with dear ones the sand that slips from the upper glass--the earth--into the second--eternity.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Which one was first created, time or things?Master of Stupidity: No things, no changes. No changes, no time.
Bob Moawad|You can't make footprints in the sand of time if you're sitting on your butt, and who wants to make buttprints in the sand of time?
Han Kang, Human Acts|Some memories never heal. Rather than fading with the passage of time, those memories become the only things that are left behind when all else is abraded. The world darkens, like electric bulbs going out one by one. I am aware that I am not a safe person.
Stephen King, The Wind Through the Keyhole|In the end, the wind takes everything, doesn't it? And why not? Why other? If the sweetness of our lives did not depart, there would be no sweetness at all.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Many years have passed since that night. The wall of the staircase up which I had watched the light of his candle gradually climb was long ago demolished. And in myself, too, many things have perished which I imagined would last for ever, and new ones have arisen, giving birth to new sorrows and new joys which in those days I could not have foreseen, just as now the old are hard to understand.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|It makes me wonder, Do we spend most of our days trying to remember or forget things? Do we spend most of our time running towards or away from our lives? I don't know.
Lisa Mangum, The Hourglass Door|In the darkness of night,Demons strut, taunting, goading.In the light of day,Angels sing glorious songs.In the time in between,We live our lives alone and searching.And sometimes, softly,You understand damnation.All is forgotten, all is lost,All but forgivenessAnd the memory of her kiss.
Ellie Wade, A Forever Kind of Love|A true friend is one you can go extended periods without seeing or talking to, yet the moment that you are back in touch, it's like no time has passed at all.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|No life goes past so swiftly as an eventless one, no clock spins like a clock whose days are all alike.
Ray Bradbury, Farewell Summer|The huge round lunar clock was a gristmill. Shake down all the grains of Time—the big grains of centuries, and the small grains of years, and the tiny grains of hours and minutes—and the clock pulverized them, slid Time silently out in all directions in a fine pollen, carried by cold winds to blanket the town like dust, everywhere. Spores from that clock lodged in your flesh to wrinkle it, to grow bones to monstrous size, to burst feet from shoes like turnips. Oh, how that great machine…dispensed Time in blowing weathers.
Denis Diderot|You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, so all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last. You have all the fears of mortals and all the desires of immortals… What foolish forgetfulness of mortality to defer wise resolutions to the fiftieth or sixtieth year, and to intend to begin life at a point to which few have attained.
Douglas Coupland|Chronocanine Envy:Sadness experienced when one realized that, unlike one's dog, one cannot live only in the present tense. As Kierkegaard said, "Life must be lived forward.
Shreve Stockton, The Daily Coyote: Story of Love, Survival, and Trust In the Wilds of Wyoming|It's so egotistical to believe that we know more about someone else's reality than they do, and such a waste of time.
Fernando Pessoa, The Selected Prose of Fernando Pessoa|Time, which grays hair and wrinkles faces, also withers violent affections, and much more quickly.
Chris Wooding, Poison|But time has a way of stealthily deciding a person’s mind without her conscious knowledge, and as she studied and procrastinated, Poison found one day that she had come to know her choice.
Margaret Thatcher|If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing." ~ Margaret Thatcher
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|Time cures you first, and then it kills you.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|A thousand years ago five minutes wereEqual to forty ounces of fine sand.Outstare the stars. Infinite foretime andInfinite aftertime: above your headThey close like giant wings, and you are dead.
Lisa Mangum|The river is now. This moment. This breath between us. The space between your heartbeats. The moment before you blink. The instant a thought flashes through your mind. It is everything that is around us. Life. Energy. Flowing, endlessly flowing, carrying you from then...to now...to tomorrow. Listen: you can hear the music of it. Of the passage of time.
Anton Chekhov, The Witch and Other Stories|The past,' he thought, 'is linked with the present by an unbroken chain of events flowing one out of another.' And it seemed to him that he had just seen both ends of that chain; that when he touched one end the other quivered.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Deeds need time, even after they are done, in order to be seen or heard.
Julia Glass, Three Junes|Time plays like an accordion in the way it can stretch out and compress itself in a thousand melodic ways. Months on end may pass blindingly in a quick series of chords, open-shut, together-apart; and then a single melancholy week may seem like a year's pining, one long unfolding note.
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|Art is the whisper of history, heard above the noise of time.
Michael Bassey Johnson|It doesn't really matter if you are left behind the back, but what matters is your capacity to pull and push everyone by your way to get to the front.
Stanisław Lem, Highcastle: A Remembrance|Of the two powers, the two categories that take possession of us when we enter the world, space is by far the less mysterious. . . . Space is, after all, solid, monolithic. . . . Time, on the other hand, is a hostile element, truly treacherous, I would say even against human nature.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Information about time cannot be imparted in a straightforward way. Like furniture, it has to be tipped and tilted to get it through the door. If the past is a solid oak buffet whose legs must be unscrewed and whose drawers must be removed before, in an altered state, it can be upended into the entryway of our minds, then the future is a king-size waterbed that hardly stands a chance, especially if it needs to be brought up in an elevator.Those billions who persist in perceiving time as the pursuit of the future are continually buying waterbeds that will never make it beyond the front porch or the lobby. And if man's mission is to reside in the fullness of the present, then he's got no space for the waterbed, anyhow, not even if he could lower it through a skylight.
Grigoris Deoudis|Every moment is a crossroad in time. Consider that, as above so below and as inside so outside and live accordingly.
Brian  Doyle, Mink River|Everyone thinks that the old days were better, or that they were harder, and the modern times are chaotic and complex, or easier all around, but I think people's hearts have always been the same, happy and sad, and that hasn't changed at all. It's just the shapes of lives that change, not the lives themselves.
Emily Brontë, Jane Eyre / Les Hauts de Hurle-Vent / Agnes Grey|The clock strikes off the hollow half-hours of all the life that is left to you, one by one.
Emily Dickinson|Look back on Time, with kindly eyes -He doubtless did his best -How softly sinks that trembling sunIn Human Nature's West -
Roger Zelazny, Isle of the Dead|Of all the things a man may do, sleep probably contributes most to keeping him sane. It puts brackets about each day. If you do something foolish or painful today, you get irritated if somebody mentions it, today. If it happened yesterday, though, you can nod or chuckle, as the case may be. You've crossed through nothingness or dream to another island in Time.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|He has to find more and better ways of occupying his time. His time, what a bankrupt idea, as if he's been given a box of time belonging to him alone, stuffed to the brim with hours and minutes that he can spend like money. Trouble is, the box has holes in it and the time is running out, no matter what he does with it.
Joanne M. Friedman, Horses in the Yard|The woman recovering from abuse or other stressful life situations may feel she's in no way in charge of anything, least of all her own world. She faces the horse with trepidation. The horse senses the fear and becomes tense and concerned. The wise instructor starts small. The woman is handed a soft brush and sent to fuss over the horse. It's pointed out that if she stands close to the animal, she will be out of range of a well-aimed kick. She is warned to watch for tell-tale signs of fear in herself and the horse. She's warned to keep her feet out from under the horse's stomping hoof. They're both allowed to back away and regroup and try again until they reach an accord regarding personal space. Calm prevails, and within a few minutes, hours or sessions, interaction becomes friendship. It happens almost every time a woman is allowed enough time and space to work through the situation.So a woman whose daily life is overwhelming her learns to step back. Is this a cure for her endless problems? Of course not. Simple is not simplistic.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|If New Orleans is not fully in the mainstream of culture, neither is it fully in the mainstream of time. Lacking a well-defined present, it lives somewhere between its past and its future, as if uncertain whether to advance or to retreat. Perhaps it is its perpetual ambivalence that is its secret charm. Somewhere between Preservation Hall and the Superdome, between voodoo and cybernetics, New Orleans listens eagerly to the seductive promises of the future but keeps at least one foot firmly planted in its history, and in the end, conforms, like an artist, not to the world but to its own inner being--ever mindful of its personal style.
Prince, 1999 (Piano/Vocal/Guitar)|But life is just a party, and parties weren't meant to last.
Linda Lee Chaikin, Tomorrow's Treasure|I think you will agree that life's plans are not always tied up in neat little packages. Occasionally we find ourselves at unexpected crossroads with more than one opportunity from which to choose. Time itself is often the best indicator of which decision to make, for it can tell so many thing that are now hazy.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|You don't have time, Len. That is the most bitter and the most beautiful piece of advice I can offer. If you don't have what you want now, you don't have what you want.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|Clocks and calendars do not exist to remind us of the Time we've forgotten but to regulate our relations with others and indeed all of society, and this is how we use them.
Tom Stoppard, Arcadia|When you stir your rice pudding, Septimus, the spoonful of jam spreads itself round making red trails like the picture of a meteor in my astronomical atlas. But if you stir backwards, the jam will not come together again. Indeed, the pudding does not notice and continues to turn pink just as before. Do you think this is odd?
Lauren Oliver|Most of the time - 99 percent of the time - you just don't know how and why the threads are looped together, and that's okay. Do a good thing and something bad happens. Do a bad thing and something good happens. Do nothing and everything explodes. And very, very rarely - by some miracle of chance and coincidence, butterflies beating their wings just so and all the threads hanging together for a minute - you get the chance to do the right thing.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|The advantage of living is not measured by length, but by use; some men have lived long, and lived little; attend to it while you are in it. It lies in your will, not in the number of years, for you to have lived enough.
Abraham Joshua Heschel|There are no two hours alike. Every hour is unique and the only one given at the moment, exclusive and endlessly precious. Judaism teaches us to be attached to holiness in time; to learn how to consecrate sanctuaries that emerge from the magnificent stream of a year.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|While people brood, time skips ahead without looking back.
Roman Payne, Hope and Despair|I just wish moments weren’t so fleeting!' Isaac called to the man on the roof, 'They pass so quickly!' 'Fleeting?!' responded the tilling man, 'Moments? They pass quickly?! . . . Why, once a man is finished growing, he still has twenty years of youth. After that, he has twenty years of middle age. Then, unless misfortune strikes, nature gives him twenty thoughtful years of old age. Why do you call that quickly?' And with that, the tilling man wiped his sweaty brow and continued tilling; and the dejected Isaac continued wandering.  'Stupid fool!' Isaac muttered quietly to himself as soon as he was far enough away not to be heard.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|The calendar of the Theocracy of Muntab counts down, not up. No-one knows why, but it might not be a good idea to hang around and find out.
Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost|The TelephoneWhen I was just as far as I could walkFrom here todayThere was an hourAll stillWhen leaning with my head against a flowerI heard you talk.Don't say I didn't for I heard you sayYou spoke from that flower on the window sill-Do you remember what it was you said ''First tell me what it was you thought you heard.''Having found the flower and driven a bee awayI leaned my headAnd holding by the stalkI listened and I thought I caught the wordWhat was itDid you call me by my name Or did you saySomeone said "Come"I heard it as I bowed.''I may have thought as much but not aloud.'Well so I came.
Jim Carroll, The Petting Zoo|On a whim, he stopped and bought a watch from a sidewalk vendor. Normally, Billy could not abide keeping time, especially when it was attached to one’s body. Time was like a relentlessly needy lapdog one had to haul around. It barked too much and had no sense of loyalty.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|I am old enough to know that time passing is just a trick, a convenience. Everything is always there, still unfolding, still happening. The past, the present, and the future, in the noggin eternally, like brushes, combs and ribbons in a handbag.
Meg Wolitzer, The Uncoupling|People like to warn you that by the time you reach the middle of your life, passion will begin to feel like a meal eaten long ago, which you remember with great tenderness.
Alexander Pope|For he lives twice who can at once employ,The present well, and e’en the past enjoy.
Walt Whitman|O the joy of my spirit--it is uncaged--it darts like lightning!It is not enough to have this globe or a certain time,I will have thousands of globes and all time.
Charles Caleb Colton|Much may be done in those little shreds and patches of time which every day produces, and which most men throw away.
Amit Abraham|Some days some times are remembered by me, in life’s all moments they are cherished by me
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|If we accept time for what it is, how it flows and how we flow with it, I doubt very much that we would continue wasting loads of it by constantly checking our watches. The gnomons's shadow falls where it falls - and so do we. Where we are now is where a lifetime's worth of steps have taken us.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|How can you say: "I love you forever!" ; Whereas bit of time can change everything
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|I sometimes have moments of such despair, such despair … Because in those moments I start to think that I will never be capable of beginning to live a real life; because I have already begun to think that I have lost all sense of proportion, all sense of the real and the actual; because, what is more, I have cursed myself; because my nights of fantasy are followed by hideous moments of sobering! And all the time one hears the human crowd swirling and thundering around one in the whirlwind of life, one hears, one sees how people live—that they live in reality, that for them life is not something forbidden, that their lives are not scattered for the winds like dreams or visions but are forever in the process of renewal, forever young, and that no two moments in them are ever the same; while how dreary and monotonous to the point of being vulgar is timorous fantasy, the slave of shadow, of the idea...
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Time's never up", she whispered, not looking at me, but at my canvas. "Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing. Of course there is.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|From time to time, one must release the grime built up inside them to to free their emotions like the ocean.
James Sallis, Black Hornet|Mostly what you lose with time, in memory, is the specificity of things, their exact sequence. It all runs together, becomes a watery soup. Portmanteau days, imploded years. Like a bad actor, memory always goes for effect, abjuring motivation, consistency, good sense. 
Helen Reddy|Depression, as far as I'm concerned, is just a waste of time.
Jeanette Winterson, The World and Other Places: Stories|Time is a player. Time is part of today, not simply a measure of its passing.
Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2|Had I been less firmly resolved upon settling down definitively to work, I should perhaps have made an effort to begin at once. But since my resolution was explicit, since within twenty-four hours, in the empty frame of the following day where everything was so well-arranged because I myself was not yet in it, my good intention would be realized without difficulty, it was better not to start on an evening when I felt ill-prepared. The following days were not, alas, to prove more propitious. But I was reasonable. It would have been puerile, on the part of one who had waited now for years, not to put up with a postponement of two or three days. Confident that by the day after tomorrow I should have written several pages, I said not a word more to my parents of my decision; I preferred to remain patient and then to bring to a convinced and comforted grandmother a sample of work that was already under way. Unfortunately the next day was not that vast, extraneous expanse of time to which I had feverishly looked forward. When it drew to a close, my laziness and my painful struggle to overcome certain internal obstacles had simply lasted twenty-four hours longer. And at the end of several days, my plans not having matured, I had no longer the same hope that they would be realized at once, and hence no longer the heart to subordinate everything else to their realization: I began once again to keep late hours...
Jorge Luis Borges, Labyrinths:  Selected Stories and Other Writings|And yet, and yet… Denying temporal succession, denying the self, denying the astronomical universe, are apparent desperations and secret consolations. Our destiny … is not frightful by being unreal; it is frightful because it is irreversible and iron-clad. Time is the substance I am made of. Time is a river which sweeps me along, but I am the river; it is a tiger which destroys me, but I am the tiger; it is a fire which consumes me, but I am the fire. The world, unfortunately, is real; I, unfortunately, am Borges.
Vatsal Surti, On Love|A relationship takes place between two people across space and time, and suddenly no one seems like a stranger.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|The Hopi, an Indian tribe, have a language as sophisticated as ours, but no tenses for past, present and future. The division does not exist. What does this say about time?Matter, that thing the most solid and the well-known, which you are holding in your hands and which makes up your body, is now known to be mostly empty space. Empty space and points of light. What does this say about the reality of the world?
Vladimir Nabokov, Ada, or Ardor: A Family Chronicle|Maybe the only thing that hints at a sense of Time is rhythm; not the recurrent beats of the rhythm but the gap between two such beats, the gray gap between black beats: the Tender Interval.
Jonathan Nolan, Memento mori|You're different. You're more perfect. Time is three things for most people, but for you, for us, just one. A singularity. One moment. This moment. Like you're the center of the clock, the axis on which the hands turn. Time moves about you but never moves you. It has lost its ability to affect you. What is it they say? That time is theft? But not for you. Close your eyes and you can start all over again. Conjure up that necessary emotion, fresh as roses.
Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie|To begin with, I turn back time. I reverse it to that quaint period, the thirties, when the huge middle class of America was matriculating in a school for the blind. Their eyes had failed them, or they had failed their eyes, and so they were having their fingers pressed forcibly down on the fiery Braille alphabet of a dissolving economy.
Douglas Coupland|Dimanchophobia:Fear of Sundays, not in a religious sense but rather, a condition that reflects fear of unstructured time. Also known as acalendrical anxiety. Not to be confused with didominicaphobia, or kyriakephobia, fear of the Lord's Day.Dimanchophobia is a mental condition created by modernism and industrialism. Dimanchophobes particularly dislike the period between Christmas and New Year's, when days of the week lose their significance and time blurs into a perpetual Sunday. Another way of expressing dimanchophobia might be "life in a world without calendars." A popular expression of this condition can be found in the pop song "Every Day is Like Sunday," by Morrissey, in which he describes walking on a beach after a nuclear way, when every day of the week now feels like Sunday.
Burkhard Bilger|One of the seats of emotion and memory in the brain is the amygdala, he explained. When something threatens your life, this area seems to kick into overdrive, recording every last detail of the experience. The more detailed the memory, the longer the moment seems to last. "This explains why we think that time speeds up when we grow older," Eagleman said--why childhood summers seem to go on forever, while old age slips by while we’re dozing. The more familiar the world becomes, the less information your brain writes down, and the more quickly time seems to pass.
Nikolai Gogol, Dead Souls|Also, though not over-elderly, he was not over-young.
Oscar Wilde|The gods have been good to you. But what the gods give they quickly take away. You have only a few years in which to live really, perfectly, and fully. When your youth goes, your beauty will go with it, and then you will suddenly discover that there are no triumphs left for you, or have to content yourself with those mean triumphs that the memory of your past will make more bitter than defeats. Every month as it wanes bring you nearer to something dreadful. Time is jealous of you, and wars against your lilies and your roses.
Mark Mustian, The Gendarme|Time stretches and calms, but still we reach, for we belonged then. We want to know. Sometimes that knowledge is painful, or inconvenient, or even damning. But it is essential. It exposes us for what we have been, and can be.
Lawrence Durrell, Balthazar|The steward, according to custom, had stopped all the clocks. This, in the language of Narouz, said, "Your stay with us is so brief, let us not be reminded of the flight of the hours. God made eternity. Let us escape from the despotism of time altogether." These ancient and hereditary politenesses filled Nessim with emotion.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|The mind of man works with strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented by the timepiece of the mind by one second. This extraordinary discrepancy between time on the clock and time in the mind is less known than it should be, and deserves fuller investigation.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|TIMETimeAnd how it slips through my fingersWithout putting its ring on them,And I remain simply its lover
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|The last thing the hockey ball symbolized was Time itself, the unstoppability of it, the way we're chained to our bodies, which are chained to Time.
Julien Gracq|Blood had long since ceased to beat from one end to the other, but one could sense, from passages marked with fresher traces of wheels and hooves, that once the meaning and even the very idea of a long journey was lost, sleep had not descended over it in one fell swoop: it had continued to steal a march here and there, in a discontinuous way, and over short distances, like a laborer who feels his cart jolt on a section of Roman road that crosses his field...
Craig Wright, The Pavilion - Acting Edition|At every single moment, the whole creation is beginning again, stretching the tent of the present moment to bursting. And the waves that push up through the oceans, and the waves that push up through the stars; and the waves that push upwards through history are the same waves that push up through us. And so we have to say yes to time, even though it means speeding forward into memory; forgetfulness; and oblivion. Say “no” to time; hold on to what you were or what she was; hold onto the past, even out of love... and I swear it will tear you to shreds. This universe will tear you to shreds.
Cassandra Golds, The Museum of Mary Child|For love was a kind of folly, a losing game. The greatest of all Wastes of Time. But then, that depended on what you thought time was for.
Sadie Jones, The Outcast|There was a sudden stillness like the gap between ticks on a clock, but the next tick never coming.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Time is not a line but a dimension, like the dimensions of space. If you can bend space you can bend time also, and if you knew enough and could move faster than light you could travel backward in tie and exist in two places at once.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|How quickly people changed, with their interests, their feelings. Well-made phrases replaced by well-made phrases, time is a flow of words coherent only in appearance, the one who piles up the most is the one who wins.
José Saramago, Seeing|In a matter of a moment the amount of sand in the upper part of the hour-glass had dwindled dramatically, the tiny grains were rushing through the opening, each grain more eager to leave then the last, time is just like people, sometimes it’s all it can do to drag itself along, but at others, it runs like a deer and leaps like a young goat, which, when you think about it, is not saying much, since the cheetah is the fastest of all the animals, and yet it has never occurred to anyone to say of another person He runs and jumps like a cheetah, perhaps because that first comparison comes from the magical late middle ages, when gentlemen went deer-hunting and no one had ever seen a cheetah running or even heard of its existence. Languages are conservative, they always carry their archives with them and hate having to be updated.
A.S. King, Everybody Sees the Ants|There is something magical about the world at night. Sitting at the dining room table, sipping a glass of iced tea, I can totally understand why Dad gets up so early. Minutes seem to last longer when the rest of the world is asleep.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We often hear about stepping outside ourselves, but rarely about stepping outside our generation.
Carol Shields, The Stone Diaries|It has never been easy for me to understand the obliteration of time, to accept, as others seem to do, the swelling and corresponding shrinkage of seasons or the conscious acceptance that one year has ended and another begun. There is something here that speaks of our essential helplessness and how the greater substance of our lives is bound up with waste and opacity... How can so much time hold so little, how can it be taken from us? Months, weeks, days, hours misplaced – and the most precious time of life, too, when our bodies are at their greatest strength, and open, as they never will be again, to the onslaught of sensation.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|No, not of course at all—it is really all hocus-pocus. The days lengthen in the winter-time, and when the longest comes, the twenty-first of June, the beginning of summer, they begin to go downhill again, toward winter. You call that ‘of course’; but if one once loses hold of the fact that it is of course, it is quite frightening, you feel like hanging on to something. It seems like a practical joke—that spring begins at the beginning of winter, and autumn at the beginning of summer. You feel you’re being fooled, led about in a circle, with your eye fixed on something that turns out to be a moving point. A moving point in a circle. For the circle consists of nothing but such transitional points without any extent whatever; the curvature is incommensurable, there is no duration of motion, and eternity turns out to be not ‘straight ahead’ but ‘merry-go-round’!
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time, though she hadn't understood why... Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Rare and precious moments, how I long to live with you eternally! If only your sweetness never ceased to touch my lips, and the flutters you evoke nevermore faded away. I dream of your arm extended immeasurably to keep hold of my reaching hand. But Father Time, being a cruel master, will not grant such a wish. And so I tuck you away as cherished memories, stored in a treasure box buried in my heart. And in times of solitude, I shall bring you out to view like rainbows.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Comeback Season|She understands now what she, in all her worry, had forgotten. That even as she hesitates and wavers, even as she thinks too much and moves too cautiously, she doesn't always have to get it right. It's okay to look back, even as you move forward.
Glen Duncan, I, Lucifer|The question 'What was there before creation?' is meaningless. Time is a property of creation, therefore before creation there was no before creation.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|For all the compasses in the world, there's only one direction, and time is its only measure.
T.S. Eliot|Not the intense momentIsolated, with no before and after,But a lifetime burning in every moment.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|You see," he continued, beginning to feel better, "once there was no time at all, and people found it very inconvenient. They never knew wether they were eating lunch or dinner, and they were always missing trains. So time was invented to help them keep track of the day and get to places where they should. When they began to count all the time that was available, what with 60 seconds in a minute and 60 minutes in an hour and 24 hours in a day and 365 days in a year, it seemed as if there was much more than could ever be used. 'If there's so much of it, it couldn't be very valuable,' was the general opinion, and it soon fell into dispute. People wasted it and even gave it away. Then we were giving the job of seeing that no one wasted time again," he said, sitting up proudly. "It's hard work but a noble calling. For you see"- and now he was standing on the seat, one foot on the windshield, shouting with his ams outstretched- "it is our most valuable possession, more precious than diamonds. It marches on, it and tide wait for no man, and-" At that point in the speech the car hit a bump in the road and the watchdog collapsed in a heap on the front seat with his alarm ringing furiously.
Heather Killough-Walden|They say you can't stop time, that it is a constant and waits for no one. The're wrong. Time slows when you want it to speed up. It goes too Fast when you're having fun. And it stops. It stops dead in its tracks, when the unthinkable occurs. Time is not neutral, it makes no sence, and it bears no logic. It has nothing to do with nature or fairness or physics. Time is cruel. And its as simple as that.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|And sometimes in life, I imagine, good things do happen. Most of the time, it's the opposite, obviously. But I don't think you should rule out the possibility that just occasionally chance might deal you a good card.
Anthony Liccione|The distance of a voice, is only a short time away from touch.
Elora Bishop, Braided: A Lesbian Rapunzel|If I could, I would live forever in this moment. But no one can live in a moment, and time moves on.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|One of the surprises of her unoccupied state was the discovery that time, when it is left to itself and no definite demands are made on it, cannot be trusted to move at any recognized pace. Usually it loiters; but just when one has come to count upon its slowness, it may suddenly break into a wild irrational gallop.
William Landay, Mission Flats|We move through time like a man in a rowboat, looking back even as we move forward.
Kim Dallmeier|I was thinking not very long ago about the difference between the people we "grew up" with vs. the people we're "growing old" with - not always being one and the same - and how time (and the memories we forge together) really does strengthen pretty much all of our relationships/friendships (whether they had started on the right foot or not). And I guess what I've mostly learned (by moving to NZ especially) is that the more Significant people you have in your life, the more 'manageable' the idea of loss, losing a loved-one, can become - not because you can replace them (obviously you can't) or because they're interchangeable (no one is), but because like a foundation to a house the more pillars you have (people you love) holding it up (loving you) the more solid/resilient you become - and from there, I find you're better equipped to overcome whatever life throws your way. That said time does pass us by very quickly. I find it much more noticeable through our growing kids than ever before.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I guess time doesn't flow in order, does it - A, B, C, D? It just sort of goes where it feels like going.
Joseph Brodsky, So Forth: Poems|... Now to die of griefwould mean, I'm afraid, to die belatedly, while latecomersare unwelcome, particularly in the future. ...
Madeline Claire Franklin, The Poppet and the Lune|The unreality of the past weeks lifted like a fog, but its residue remained. All of the past is like that, but most especially the parts that are out of the ordinary.
Nicole Krauss, Man Walks Into a Room|It would mark the end of a year that he might look back on as hands, a pivot between two lines. Or not: maybe enough time, would pass that eventually he would look back on his life, all of it, as a series of events both logical and continuous.
Catherine Greenman, Hooked|They won't be a right be a right time, Thea, it doesn't exist. Just get it over with
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|But what is the past? Could it be, the firmness of the past is just illusion? Could the past be a kaleidoscope, a pattern of images that shift with each disturbance of a sudden breeze, a laugh, a thought? And if the shift is everywhere, how would we know?
Ernest Hemingway, American Lit for Idiots - a one act play|There are some things which cannot be learned quickly, and time, which is all we have, must be paid heavily for their acquiring. They are the very simplest things and because it takes a man's life to know them the little that each man gets from life is very costly and the only heritage he has to leave.
John Fowles, Áristos|Time in itself, absolutely, does not exist; it is always relative to some observer or some object. Without a clock I say 'I do not know the time' . Without matter time itself is unknowable. Time is a function of matter; and matter therefore is the clock that makes infinity real.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|She is nine, beloved, as open-faced as the sky and as self-contained. I have watched her grow. As recently as three or four years ago, she had a young child's perfectly shallow receptiveness; she fitted into the world of time, it fitted into her, as thoughtlessly as sky fits its edges, or a river its banks. But as she has grown, her smile has widened with a touch of fear and her glance has taken on depth. Now she is aware of some of the losses you incur by being here--the extortionary rent you have to pay as long as you stay.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|O Space and Time and stars at strife,How dreadful your infinity!Shrined by your termless trinity,How strange, how terrible, is life!(“The Testimony of the Suns”)
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|The next visit I paid to Nancy Brown was in the second week in March: for, though I had many spare minutes during the day, I seldom could look upon an hour as entirely my own; since, when everything was left to the caprices of Miss Matilda and her sister, there could be no order or regularity. Whatever occupation I chose, when not actually busied about them or their concerns, I had, as it were, to keep my loins girded, my shoes on my feet, and my staff in my hand; for not to be immediately forthcoming when called for, was regarded as a grave and inexcusable offence: not only by my pupils and their mother, but by the very servant, who came in breathless haste to call me, exclaiming 'You're to go to the school-room directly, mum- the young ladies is WAITING!!' Climax of horror! actually waiting for their governess!!!
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The sand in the hourglass runs from one compartment to the other, marking the passage of moments with something constant and tangible.If you watch the flowing sand, you might see time itself riding the granules.Contrary to popular opinion, time is not an old white-haired man, but a laughing child.And time sings.
Charlaine Harris, Dead as a Doornail|The full moon symbol on my calendar no longer seemed to be a period marking the end of something, but just another way of counting time.
Nancy McKenzie, Guinevere's Gamble|She felt her future close upon her but unseen, like the sea behind the blowing veil of snow... She would follow Llyr's advice and face it a little every day...Day by day, step by step life would go forward. Eventually, the veil would lift, the cold would yield to the sun's warmth, and the world would be reborn. This dark time would pass.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch|Work on." Work as if every time you started with and every time you finish.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|And if you don't find what you're looking for?"At Roy's question Addie looked up."Then all I've lost is time.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|It was well said—by Jean Tarrou in The Plague, I think—that attendance at lectures in an unknown language will help to hone one's awareness of the exceedingly slow passage of time. I once had the experience of being 'waterboarded' and can now dimly appreciate how much every second counts in the experience of the torture victim, forced to go on enduring what is unendurable.
Jorge Luis Borges|One of the schools in Tlön has reached the point of denying time. It reasons that the present is undefined, that the future has no other reality than as present hope, that the past is no more than present memory.
John  Dalton|It's the right idea, but not the right time.
Alan Lakein|Time = Life, Therefore, waste your time and waste of your life, or master your time and master your life.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|And why does he talk so funny? Doesn't he mean squashed tomatoes?I don't think that they had tomatoes when he comes from, said Bod. And that's just how they talk then.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|When I do count the clock that tells the time,And see the brave day sunk in hideous night;When I behold the violet past prime,And sable curls all silver'd o'er with white;When lofty trees I see barren of leavesWhich erst from heat did canopy the herd,And summer's green all girded up in sheavesBorne on the bier with white and bristly beard,Then of thy beauty do I question make,That thou among the wastes of time must go,Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsakeAnd die as fast as they see others grow;And nothing 'gainst Time's scythe can make defenceSave breed, to brave him when he takes thee hence.
Julien Gracq|Often, beyond the next turning, footfalls of a herd galloping across stone were heard, or further in the distance, with reassuring grunts, a wild boar could be seen, trotting with steady stride along the edge of the road with her sow and a whole procession of young in tow. And then one's heart beat faster upon advancing a little into the subtle light: one might have said that the path had suddenly become wild, thick with grass, its dark paving-slabs engulfed by nettles, blackthorn and sloe, so that it mingled up time past rather than crossing country-side, and perhaps it was going to issue forth, in the chiaroscuro of thicket smelling of moistened down and fresh grass, into one of those glades where animals spoke to men.
Julien Gracq|It was a fossilized path: the will which had cut this gash out of these solitary places so that the blood and sap would flow there was long since dead - and dead too were the circumstances which had guided this will. A whitish and indurated scar remained, gradually gnawed away by the earth like a flesh that heals itself, yet its direction was still vaguely cut into the horizon; a language and crepuscular sign rather than a way forward - a worn-out lifeline which still vegetated through the fallow land as it does on the palm of a hand. It was so old that, since it had been constructed, the very configuration of the land must have changed imperceptibly.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|In this marvelous dispensation of the fulness of times, our opportunities to give of ourselves are indeed limitless, but they are also perishable.
Lewis Carroll|Alice sighed wearily. `I think you might do something better with the time,' she said, `than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.'`If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, `you wouldn't talk about wasting it. It's him.'`I don't know what you mean,' said Alice.`Of course you don't!' the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously. `I dare say you never even spoke to Time!'`Perhaps not,' Alice cautiously replied: `but I know I have to beat time when I learn music.'`Ah! that accounts for it,' said the Hatter. `He won't stand beating. Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o'clock in the morning, just time to begin lessons: you'd only have to whisper a hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one, time for dinner!
Robert Grudin, Time and the Art of Living|Because we believe that one moment is more or less like the next, we lose touch with the essential urgency of the present, the fact that each passing moment is the one moment for the practice of freedom.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|For when I trace back the years I have liv'd, gathering them up in my Memory, I see what a chequer'd Work Of Nature my life has been. If I were now to inscribe my own History with its unparalleled Sufferings and surprizing Adventures (as the Booksellers might indite it), I know that the great Part of the World would not believe the Passages there related, by reason of the Strangeness of them, but I cannot help their Unbelief; and if the Reader considers them to be but dark Conceits, then let him bethink himself that Humane life is quite out of the Light and that we are all Creatures of Darknesse.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|I suffered most from the feeling that custom was daily petrifying our lives into one fixed shape, that our minds were losing their freedom and becoming enslaved to the steady passionless course of time.
Han-shan|I spur my horse past the ruined city;the ruined city, that wakes the traveler's thoughts:ancient battlements, high and low;old grave mounds, great and small.Where the shadow of a single tumbleweed tremblesand the voice of the great trees clings forever,I sigh over all these common bones --No roll of the immortals bears their names. 
Sybil MacBeth, Praying in Color: Drawing a New Path to God|Since words elude me when I need them most, I learned long ago that I cannot count on QUALITY time with God when I want to pray. I need QUANTITY and regularity. Quality is not something I can predict. My husband, Andy, and I might schedule an elaborate evening out with candles and a gourmet meal, but there is no guarantee that we'll have a wonderful time together -- chopping onions peppers die by side in the kitchen, reading together on the couch, sitting on the front step watching our sons ride bikes, and making plans for our life together. 
Garth Stein|struck by the pain of the ice and the rage of the water below that was forced to make room for the huge piece of frozen time, the glacier, trapped in a solid state for centuries, melting into the ocean and becoming one with its future. She feels small and insignificant in the face of such a display of nature.
Carrie Adams, The Godmother|The future toyed with us, it was up to us to try to enjoy the game. But not everyone liked the game or they weren't given the tools to play.
Julien Gracq|No, what numbed these fields, peopled with bad dreams was not the oppressive grip of a plague but rather an ailing retreat, a sort of sad widowhood. Man had started to subdue these vacant expanses, then had grown weary of eating into it, and now even the desire to preserve what had been claimed had perished. He had established everywhere an ebb, a sorrowful withdrawal. His cuttings into the forest, which were seen at long intervals, had lost their hard edges, their distinct notches: now a thick brushwood had driven its sabbath into the broad daylight of the glades, hiding the naked trunks as high as their lowest branches.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Time neither flies nor sleeps. It is flexible, plastic, ever changing. Spend two hours watching a movie curled up with your lover and time ceases to exist. Spend two hours waiting for your lover to come and time is the iron bars of a prison
Blake Ross|Now we realize that time is our most valuable resource, and every minute we spend in one of these meetings just sitting there is time wasted.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|[T]hen all collapsed, and the great shroud of the sea rolled on as it rolled five thousand years ago.
M. Ganesh Sai|Never waste time for someone who doesn’t bother to spend time with you, but with someone who will say, time is wasted if I’m not with you.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Three things you cannot recover in life: the WORD after it’s said, the MOMENT after it’s missed and the TIME after it’s gone. Now you know.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Why did they go away, do you think? If there ever were such things.""Who knows? Times change. Would you call this age a good one for unicorns?""No, but I wonder if any man before us ever thought his time a good time for unicorns.
Yuuki Obata, We Were There, Vol. 1|Back then we gave it our all, we neither lied nor made mistakes, we didn't fail and didn't do anything wrong.It's just that...TIME has passed and changed it all.
Dejan Stojanovic|Without space, there is no time.
Salman Rushdie|There are those of us who learn to live completely in the moment. For such people the Past vanishes and the future loses meaning. There is only the Present, which means that two of the three Aalim are surplus to requirements. And then there are those of us who are trapped in yesterdays, in the memory of a lost love, or a childhood home, or a dreadful crime. And some people live only for a better tomorrow; for them the past ceases to exist
John Steinbeck, Travels With Charley and Later Novels, 1947-1962|There are times that one treasures for all one's life, and such times are burned clearly and sharply on the material of total recall. I felt very fortunate that morning.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|What was the constant?Movement. Yes. With time there was always movement. The setting sun. The dripping water. Thependulums. The spilling sand. To realize his destiny, such movement had to cease. He had to stop the flowof time completely …
Félix J. Palma|...the passage of time, which transformed the volatile present into that finished, unalterable painting called the past, a canvas man always executed blindly, with erratic brushstrokes that only made sense when one stepped far enough away from it to be able to admire it as a whole. -pg. 19
Manjul Bajaj, Another Man's Wife and Other Stories|Time is like a barber, it shears you first and then shows you your own face in the mirror. (Marrying Nusrat)
Manoj Arora|Money should not dictate how I live my life..I must take charge and become the master of money, so that I decide what I want to do with my time.
José Saramago, The Cave|The worst pain ... isn't the pain you feel at the time, it's the pain you feel later on when there's nothing you can do about it, They say that time heals all wounds, But we never live long enough to test that theory ...
Markus Zusak, Underdog|It is early, early morning. It's that time when it's still dark but you know the day is coming. Blue is bleeding through black. Stars are dying.
Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2|But genius, and even great talent, springs less from seeds of intellect and social refinement superior to those of other people than from the faculty of transforming and transposing them. To heat a liquid with an electric lamp requires not the strongest lamp possible, but one of which the current can cease to illuminate, can be diverted so as to give heat instead of light. To mount the skies it is not necessary to have the most powerful of motors, one must have a motor which, instead of continuing to run along the earth's surface, intersecting with a vertical line the horizontal line which it began by following, is capable of converting its speed into lifting power. Similarly, the men who produce works of genius are not those who live in the most delicate atmosphere, whose conversation is the most brilliant or their culture the most extensive, but those who have had the power, ceasing suddenly to live only for themselves, to transform their personality into a sort of mirror, in such a way that their life, however mediocre it may be socially and even, in a sense, intellectually, is reflected by it, genius consisting in reflecting power and not int he intrinsic quality of the scene reflected.
Karl Ove Knausgård, A Time for Everything|The tree was so old, and stood there so alone, that his childish heart had been filled with compassion; if no one else on the farm gave it a thought, he would at least do his best to, even though he suspected that his child's words and child's deeds didn't make much difference. It had stood there before he was born, and would be standing there after he was dead, but perhaps, even so, it was pleased that he stroked its bark every time he passed, and sometimes, when he was sure he wasn't observed, even pressed his cheek against it.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|By looking far out into space we are also looking far back into time, back toward the horizon of the universe, back toward the epoch of the Big Bang.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|...you seemed to be listening to me, not to find out useful information, but to try to catch me in a logical fallacy. This tells us all that you are used to being smarter than your teachers, and that you listen to them in order to catch them making mistakes and prove how smart you are to the other students. This is such a pointless, stupid way of listening to teachers that it is clear you are going to waste months of our time before you finally catch on that the only transaction that matters is a transfer of useful information from adults who possess it to children who do not, and that catching mistakes is a criminal misuse of time.
Susan Sontag|Time eventually positions most photographs, even the most amateurish, at the level of art.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|I can see,’ Miss Emily said, ‘that it might look as though you were simply pawns in a game. It can certainly be looked at like that. But think of it. You were lucky pawns. There was a certain climate and now it’s gone. You have to accept that sometimes that’s how things happen in the world. People’s opinions, their feelings, they go one way, then the other. It just so happens you grew up at a certain point in this process.’‘It might be just some trend that came and went,’ I said. ‘But for us, it’s our life.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Prince of Mist|Max had once read in one of his father's books that some childhood images become engraved in the mind like photographs, like scenes you can return to again and again and will always remember, no matter how much time goes by.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|The hours here are flat and round, disks of gray layered one on top of the other...they move slowly, at a grind, until it seems as though they are not moving at all. They are just pressing down...
Markus Zusak, Underdog|My own eyes try to sleep, but they don't. They stay wide awake as time snarls forward and silence drops down, like measured thought.
John Burnside, A Summer of Drowning|All you have to do is choose the right day, the right weather, and you come upon a hidden place in the morning light where time stopped long before you were born
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|I am talking to you, but the moment I am talking to you, the universe is being created and destroyed.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Time: old cold time, old sorrow, settling down in layers like silt in a pond.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Time takes no holiday. It does not roll idly by, but through our senses works its own wonders in the mind. Time came and went from one day to the next; in its coming and its passing it brought me other hopes and other memories. [quoted in Peter Brown, Augustine of Hippo, p. 54]
Madelyn Alt, A Witch in Time|Time. For some it was a great healer, the ultimate fixer of bad break-ups, shake-ups, and heartache… For others, Time was an insidious stealer of all things they want most in life, stripping it away from them by sneakily changing the rules of obtaining it… For all the joyful wishes and hopeful desires held near and dear to our hearts, Time was the one element most likely to keep it from our reach.To me, Time was all of these, and none. Time simply is. It’s the framework in which we play out the games of our lives, but the secret is not to control it. It is not to master it. It is simply to learn to exist fully within the moment, to be aware of every facet of our being, and to wring every ounce of joy from it. Perhaps we were our own thieves, lamenting the absence of even a spare moment to enjoy life, when all it really takes is to stop the complaints, take the moment firmly in hand, and make it our own. Because the secret is that Time passes, and if you let it, it will leave you in its wake, aching with every beat of your heart and in every fiber of your being for what you have missed.
Gregor Golob|I always wanted to know what it is right. Maybe we know each other from time immemorial, if you know that in you is the eternal energy of goodness, which is most important for you.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|The tiny Lilliputians surmise that Gulliver's watch may be his god, because it is that which, he admits, he seldom does anything without consulting.
Sophocles|Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.
