Gautama Buddha|However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Norman Vincent Peale|Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Ray Bradbury|If we listened to our intellect we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go in business because we'd be cynical: "It's gonna go wrong." Or "She's going to hurt me." Or,"I've had a couple of bad love affairs, so therefore . . ." Well, that's nonsense. You're going to miss life. You've got to jump off the cliff all the time and build your wings on the way down.
John Anster, The First Part of Goethe's Faust|Whatever you can do or dream you can, begin it.Boldness has genius, power and magic in it!
Sarah Kay|If I should have a daughter…“Instead of “Mom”, she’s gonna call me “Point B.” Because that way, she knows that no matter what happens, at least she can always find her way to me. And I’m going to paint the solar system on the back of her hands so that she has to learn the entire universe before she can say “Oh, I know that like the back of my hand.”She’s gonna learn that this life will hit you, hard, in the face, wait for you to get back up so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air. There is hurt, here, that cannot be fixed by band-aids or poetry, so the first time she realizes that Wonder-woman isn’t coming, I’ll make sure she knows she doesn’t have to wear the cape all by herself. Because no matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will always be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal. Believe me, I’ve tried.And “Baby,” I’ll tell her “don’t keep your nose up in the air like that, I know that trick, you’re just smelling for smoke so you can follow the trail back to a burning house so you can find the boy who lost everything in the fire to see if you can save him. Or else, find the boy who lit the fire in the first place to see if you can change him.”But I know that she will anyway, so instead I’ll always keep an extra supply of chocolate and rain boats nearby, ‘cause there is no heartbreak that chocolate can’t fix. Okay, there’s a few heartbreaks chocolate can’t fix. But that’s what the rain boots are for, because rain will wash away everything if you let it.I want her to see the world through the underside of a glass bottom boat, to look through a magnifying glass at the galaxies that exist on the pin point of a human mind. Because that’s how my mom taught me. That there’ll be days like this, “There’ll be days like this my momma said” when you open your hands to catch and wind up with only blisters and bruises. When you step out of the phone booth and try to fly and the very people you wanna save are the ones standing on your cape. When your boots will fill with rain and you’ll be up to your knees in disappointment and those are the very days you have all the more reason to say “thank you,” ‘cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away.You will put the “wind” in win some lose some, you will put the “star” in starting over and over, and no matter how many land mines erupt in a minute be sure your mind lands on the beauty of this funny place called life.And yes, on a scale from one to over-trusting I am pretty damn naive but I want her to know that this world is made out of sugar. It can crumble so easily but don’t be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it.“Baby,” I’ll tell her “remember your mama is a worrier but your papa is a warrior and you are the girl with small hands and big eyes who never stops asking for more.”Remember that good things come in threes and so do bad things and always apologize when you’ve done something wrong but don’t you ever apologize for the way your eyes refuse to stop shining.Your voice is small but don’t ever stop singing and when they finally hand you heartbreak, slip hatred and war under your doorstep and hand you hand-outs on street corners of cynicism and defeat, you tell them that they really ought to meet your mother.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|The starting point of all achievement is DESIRE. Keep this constantly in mind. Weak desire brings weak results, just as a small fire makes a small amount of heat.
Rebecca Walker, Baby Love: Choosing Motherhood After a Lifetime of Ambivalence|. . . when it comes down to it, that’s what life is all about: showing up for the people you love, again and again, until you can’t show up anymore.
C. JoyBell C.|The unhappiest people in this world, are those who care the most about what other people think.
Nora Roberts|If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.
Leo Tolstoy|If you want to be happy, be.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Jane, be still; don't struggle so like a wild, frantic bird, that is rending its own plumage in its desperation.""I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Whatever you do, you need courage. Whatever course you decide upon, there is always someone to tell you that you are wrong. There are always difficulties arising that tempt you to believe your critics are right. To map out a course of action and follow it to an end requires some of the same courage that a soldier needs. Peace has its victories, but it takes brave men and women to win them.
Tami Hoag, Dark Horse|We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.
Henry David Thoreau|The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
Eleanor Roosevelt|No matter how plain a woman may be, if truth and honesty are written across her face, she will be beautiful.
Maya Angelou|Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.
George Carlin|We're so self-important. So arrogant. Everybody's going to save something now. Save the trees, save the bees, save the whales, save the snails. And the supreme arrogance? Save the planet! Are these people kidding? Save the planet? We don't even know how to take care of ourselves; we haven't learned how to care for one another. We're gonna save the fuckin' planet? . . . And, by the way, there's nothing wrong with the planet in the first place. The planet is fine. The people are fucked! Compared with the people, the planet is doin' great. It's been here over four billion years . . . The planet isn't goin' anywhere, folks. We are! We're goin' away. Pack your shit, we're goin' away. And we won't leave much of a trace. Thank God for that. Nothing left. Maybe a little Styrofoam. The planet will be here, and we'll be gone. Another failed mutation; another closed-end biological mistake.
Robert Frost|Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -I took the one less traveled by,And that has made all the difference.
Walt Disney Company|No matter how your heart is grieving, if you keep on believing, the dreams that you wish will come true.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The real heroes anyway aren't the people doing things; the real heroes are the people NOTICING things, paying attention.
Robert Frost|I am not a teacher, but an awakener.
Lucille Clifton, Good Woman: Poems and a Memoir 1969-1980|You might as well answer the door, my child,the truth is furiously knocking.
Mahatma Gandhi|Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Maya Angelou|Any book that helps a child to form a habit of reading, to make reading one of his deep and continuing needs, is good for him.
Sarah Vowell, Take the Cannoli|We are flawed creatures, all of us. Some of us think that means we should fix our flaws. But get rid of my flaws and there would be no one left.
George Carlin|Men are from Earth, women are from Earth. Deal with it.
Victor Hugo|Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace. God is awake.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the world falls away on either side.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.
Mary Schmich|Ladies and gentlemen of the class of '97:Wear sunscreen.If I could offer you only one tip for the future, sunscreen would be it. The long-term benefits of sunscreen have been proved by scientists, whereas the rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience. I will dispense this advice now.Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth. Oh, never mind. You will not understand the power and beauty of your youth until they've faded. But trust me, in 20 years, you'll look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you can't grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked. You are not as fat as you imagine.Don't worry about the future. Or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubble gum. The real troubles in your life are apt to be things that never crossed your worried mind, the kind that blindside you at 4 p.m. on some idle Tuesday.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Well, we all make mistakes, dear, so just put it behind you. We should regret our mistakes and learn from them, but never carry them forward into the future with us.
Bob  Ross|We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|You may tell a tale that takes up residence in someone's soul, becomes their blood and self and purpose. That tale will move them and drive them and who knows that they might do because of it, because of your words. That is your role, your gift.
William Makepeace Thackeray|To love and win is the best thing.To love and lose, the next best.
Confucius|If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
Jalaluddin Rumi|There is a candle in your heart, ready to be kindled.There is a void in your soul, ready to be filled.You feel it, don't you?
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Only after disaster can we be resurrected. It's only after you've lost everything that you're free to do anything. Nothing is static, everything is evolving, everything is falling apart.
Wendy Mass, Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life|A fight is going on inside me," said an old man to his son. "It is a terrible fight between two wolves. One wolf is evil. He is anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, guilt, resentment, inferiority, lies, false pride, superiority, and ego. The other wolf is good. he is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, benevolence, empathy, generosity, truth, compassion, and faith. The same fight is going on inside you." The son thought about it for a minute and then asked, "Which wolf will win?" The old man replied simply, "The one you feed.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Lao Tzu|When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You|Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars
Gautama Buddha|All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts and made up of our thoughts. If a man speak or act with an evil thought, suffering follows him as the wheel follows the hoof of the beast that draws the wagon.... If a man speak or act with a good thought, happiness follows him like a shadow that never leaves him.
J.M. Barrie, The Little White Bird|The reason birds can fly and we can't is simply because they have perfect faith, for to have faith is to have wings.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|Life sucks, and then you die...
Helen Keller|Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|Above all else, guard your heart for it affects everything else you do.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 7: 1966-1974|We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
Anaïs Nin, Henry And June|Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
Mirza Tahir Ahmad|Swords can win territories but not hearts, forces can bend heads but not minds.
Dalai Lama XIV|Every day, think as you wake up, today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it. I am going to use all my energies to develop myself, to expand my heart out to others; to achieve enlightenment for the benefit of all beings. I am going to have kind thoughts towards others, I am not going to get angry or think badly about others. I am going to benefit others as much as I can.
Aristotle|Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Travel far enough, you meet yourself.
G.K. Chesterton|There is the great lesson of 'Beauty and the Beast,' that a thing must be loved before it is lovable.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|People where you live," the little prince said, "grow five thousand roses in one garden... yet they don't find what they're looking for...They don't find it," I answered.And yet what they're looking for could be found in a single rose, or a little water..."Of course," I answered.And the little prince added, "But eyes are blind. You have to look with the heart.
Martin Luther King Jr.|If a man is called to be a street sweeper, he should sweep streets even as a Michaelangelo painted, or Beethoven composed music or Shakespeare wrote poetry. He should sweep streets so well that all the hosts of heaven and earth will pause to say, 'Here lived a great street sweeper who did his job well.
Walt Disney Company|Around here, however, we don't look backwards for very long. We keep moving forward, opening up new doors and doing new things, because we're curious...and curiosity keeps leading us down new paths.
T.S. Eliot|I said to my soul, be still and wait without hope, for hope would be hope for the wrong thing; wait without love, for love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith, but the faith and the love are all in the waiting. Wait without thought, for you are not ready for thought: So the darkness shall be the light, and the stillness the dancing.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.
Leo Buscaglia|Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around.
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|We are going to die, and that makes us the lucky ones. Most people are never going to die because they are never going to be born. The potential people who could have been here in my place but who will in fact never see the light of day outnumber the sand grains of Arabia. Certainly those unborn ghosts include greater poets than Keats, scientists greater than Newton. We know this because the set of possible people allowed by our DNA so massively exceeds the set of actual people. In the teeth of these stupefying odds it is you and I, in our ordinariness, that are here.We privileged few, who won the lottery of birth against all odds, how dare we whine at our inevitable return to that prior state from which the vast majority have never stirred?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.
Dr. Seuss|I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, It's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope. Which is what I do, And that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
Taylor Swift|Just be yourself, there is no one better.
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|Go placidly amid the noise and the haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence. As far as possible without surrender, be on good terms with all persons. Speak your truth quietly and clearly, and listen to others, even the dull and ignorant; they too have their story. Be yourself. Especially do not feign affection. Neither be cynical about love – for in the face of all aridity and disenchantment it is perennial as the grass. Take kindly the counsel of the years, gracefully surrendering the things of youth. Nurture strength of spirit to shield you from misfortune. But do not distress yourself with imaginings. Many fears are born of fatigue and loneliness. Beyond a wholesome discipline, be gentle with yourself. You are a child of the universe no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should. Therefore be at peace with God, whatever you conceive Him to be, and whatever your labours and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life keep peace with your soul. With all its sham, drudgery and broken dreams, it is still a beautiful world.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|We are products of our past, but we don't have to be prisoners of it.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|It is always the false that makes you suffer, the false desires and fears, the false values and ideas, the false relationships between people. Abandon the false and you are free of pain; truth makes happy, truth liberates.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.
David Nicholls, One Day|What are you going to do with your life?" In one way or another it seemed that people had been asking her this forever; teachers, her parents, friends at three in the morning, but the question had never seemed this pressing and still she was no nearer an answer... "Live each day as if it's your last', that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that? What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to be good and courageous and bold and to make difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you. Cherish your friends, stay true to your principles, live passionately and fully and well. Experience new things. Love and be loved, if you ever get the chance.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, The Selected Poetry|My heart is warm with the friends I make,And better friends I'll not be knowing,Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take,No matter where it's going.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|But if I'm it, the last of my kind, the last page of human history, like hell I'm going to let the story end this way. I may be the last one, but I am the one still standing. I am the one turning to face the faceless hunter in the woods on an abandoned highway. I am the one not running but facing. Because if I am the last one, then I am humanity. And if this is humanity's last war, then I am the battlefield.
Dylan Thomas, Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night|Do not go gentle into that good night,Old age should burn and rave at close of day;Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost|If you are lazy, and accept your lot, you may live in it. If you are willing to work, you can write your name anywhere you choose.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Real courage is when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
Joss Whedon|Equality is not a concept. It's not something we should be striving for. It's a necessity. Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women, and the misogyny that is in every culture is not a true part of the human condition. It is life out of balance, and that imbalance is sucking something out of the soul of every man and woman who's confronted with it. We need equality. Kinda now.
John Wooden|Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Elizabeth Gilbert|I was suffering the easily foreseeable consequences. Addiction is the hallmark of every infatuation-based love story. It all begins when the object of your adoration bestows upon you a heady, hallucinogenic dose of something you never dared to admit you wanted-an emotional speedball, perhaps, of thunderous love and roiling excitement. Soon you start craving that intense attention, with a hungry obsession of any junkie. When the drug is witheld, you promptly turn sick, crazy, and depleted (not to mention resentful of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place but now refuses to pony up the good stuff anymore-- despite the fact that you know he has it hidden somewhere, goddamn it, because he used to give it to you for free). Next stage finds you skinny and shaking in a corner, certain only that you would sell your soul or rob your neighbors just to have 'that thing' even one more time. Meanwhile, the object of your adoration has now become repulsed by you. He looks at you like you're someone he's never met before, much less someone he once loved with high passion. The irony is,you can hardly blame him. I mean, check yourself out. You're a pathetic mess,unrecognizable even to your own eyes. So that's it. You have now reached infatuation's final destination-- the complete and merciless devaluation of self." - pg 20-21
C. JoyBell C.|You've got this life and while you've got it, you'd better kiss like you only have one moment, try to hold someone's hand like you will never get another chance to, look into people's eyes like they're the last you'll ever see, watch someone sleeping like there's no time left, jump if you feel like jumping, run if you feel like running, play music in your head when there is none, and eat cake like it's the only one left in the world!
Albert Einstein|Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Mark Twain|Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Adrienne Rich|Responsibility to yourself means refusing to let others do your thinking, talking, and naming for you...it means that you do not treat your body as a commodity with which to purchase superficial intimacy or economic security; for our bodies to be treated as objects, our minds are in mortal danger. It means insisting that those to whom you give your friendship and love are able to respect your mind. It means being able to say, with Charlotte Bronte's Jane Eyre: "I have an inward treasure born with me, which can keep me alive if all the extraneous delights should be withheld or offered only at a price I cannot afford to give.Responsibility to yourself means that you don't fall for shallow and easy solutions--predigested books and ideas...marrying early as an escape from real decisions, getting pregnant as an evasion of already existing problems. It means that you refuse to sell your talents and aspirations short...and this, in turn, means resisting the forces in society which say that women should be nice, play safe, have low professional expectations, drown in love and forget about work, live through others, and stay in the places assigned to us. It means that we insist on a life of meaningful work, insist that work be as meaningful as love and friendship in our lives. It means, therefore, the courage to be "different"...The difference between a life lived actively, and a life of passive drifting and dispersal of energies, is an immense difference. Once we begin to feel committed to our lives, responsible to ourselves, we can never again be satisfied with the old, passive way.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|What you have to decide... is how you want your life to be. If your forever was ending tomorrow, would this be how you'd want to have spent it? Listen, the truth is, nothing is guaranteed. You know that more than anybody. So dont be afraid. Be alive.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history—money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery—the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.
Carlos Castañeda|We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|After all," Anne had said to Marilla once, "I believe the nicest and sweetest days are not those on which anything very splendid or wonderful or exciting happens but just those that bring simple little pleasures, following one another softly, like pearls slipping off a string.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When each day is the same as the next, it’s because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.
E.E. Cummings|I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes.
Mae West|I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it.
Jalaluddin Rumi|We come spinning out of nothingness, scattering stars like dust.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|If you dare nothing, then when the day is over, nothing is all you will have gained.
Howard Thurman|Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: A Black Choice|Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Go into yourself. Find out the reason that commands you to write; see whether it has spread its roots into the very depths of your heart; confess to yourself whether you would have to die if you were forbidden to write. This most of all: ask yourself in the most silent hour of your night: must I write? Dig into yourself for a deep answer. And if this answer rings out in assent, if you meet this solemn question with a strong, simple “I must,” then build your life in accordance with this necessity; your whole life, even into its humblest and most indifferent hour, must become a sign and witness to this impulse. Then come close to Nature. Then, as if no one had ever tried before, try to say what you see and feel and love and lose......Describe your sorrows and desires, the thoughts that pass through your mind and your belief in some kind of beauty - describe all these with heartfelt, silent, humble sincerity and, when you express yourself, use the Things around you, the images from your dreams, and the objects that you remember. If your everyday life seems poor, don’t blame it; blame yourself; admit to yourself that you are not enough of a poet to call forth its riches; because for the creator there is not poverty and no poor, indifferent place. And even if you found yourself in some prison, whose walls let in none of the world’s sounds – wouldn’t you still have your childhood, that jewel beyond all price, that treasure house of memories? Turn your attentions to it. Try to raise up the sunken feelings of this enormous past; your personality will grow stronger, your solitude will expand and become a place where you can live in the twilight, where the noise of other people passes by, far in the distance. - And if out of this turning-within, out of this immersion in your own world, poems come, then you will not think of asking anyone whether they are good or not. Nor will you try to interest magazines in these works: for you will see them as your dear natural possession, a piece of your life, a voice from it. A work of art is good if it has arisen out of necessity. That is the only way one can judge it.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|Life is made of so many moments that mean nothing. Then one day, a single moment comes along to define every second that comes after. Such moments are tests of courage, of strength.
Veronica Roth|Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other
Ray Bradbury|Don't think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It's self-conscious and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can't "try" to do things. You simply "must" do things.
Eleanor Roosevelt, The Autobiography of Eleanor Roosevelt|Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively; unless you can choose a challenge instead of competence.
Paulo Coelho|What's the world's greatest lie?... It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate.
Joseph Campbell|If you do follow your bliss you put yourself on a kind of track that has been there all the while, waiting for you, and the life that you ought to be living is the one you are living. Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,it is still a beautiful world.Be cheerful.Strive to be happy.
Steven Moffat|The universe is big, its vast and complicated, and ridiculous. And sometimes, very rarely, impossible things just happen and we call them miracles. And that's the theory. Nine hundred years, never seen one yet, but this would do me.
Ernst F. Schumacher|Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius — and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
Walt Disney Company, Cinderella|A dream is a wish your heart makes, when you're fast asleep.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Those who do not weep, do not see.
Edgar Allan Poe|It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
Madonna|No matter who you are, no matter what you did, no matter where you've come from, you can always change, become a better version of yourself.
Gautama Buddha|Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn't learn a lot at least we learned a little, and if we didn't learn a little, at least we didn't get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn't die; so, let us all be thankful.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|Whatever comes," she said, "cannot alter one thing. If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside. It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
Harlan Ellison, Paingod and Other Delusions|I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. Greater than survival, greater than love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. For without pain, there can be no pleasure. Without sadness, there can be no happiness. Without misery there can be no beauty. And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned. Adult. You have become adult.
Taylor Swift|If you're horrible to me, I'm going to write a song about it, and you won't like it. That's how I operate.
Mahatma Gandhi|To call woman the weaker sex is a libel; it is man's injustice to woman. If by strength is meant brute strength, then, indeed, is woman less brute than man. If by strength is meant moral power, then woman is immeasurably man's superior. Has she not greater intuition, is she not more self-sacrificing, has she not greater powers of endurance, has she not greater courage? Without her, man could not be. If nonviolence is the law of our being, the future is with woman. Who can make a more effective appeal to the heart than woman?", Oct. 4, 1930)]
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|You buy furniture. You tell yourself, this is the last sofa I will ever need in my life. Buy the sofa, then for a couple years you're satisfied that no matter what goes wrong, at least you've got your sofa issue handled. Then the right set of dishes. Then the perfect bed. The drapes. The rug. Then you're trapped in your lovely nest, and the things you used to own, now they own you.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Behind every trial and sorrow that He makes us shoulder, God has a reason.
Shel Silverstein|All The Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasLayin' In The Sun,Talkin' 'Bout The ThingsThey Woulda-Coulda-Shoulda Done...But All Those Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasAll Ran Away And HidFrom One Little Did.
Audrey Hepburn|I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Amateurs sit and wait for inspiration, the rest of us just get up and go to work.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|But remember, boy, that a kind act can sometimes be as powerful as a sword.
Dalai Lama XIV|If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it's not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever.
C. JoyBell C.|I'm unpredictable, I never know where I'm going until I get there, I'm so random, I'm always growing, learning, changing, I'm never the same person twice. But one thing you can be sure of about me; is I will always do exactly what I want to do.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|You are, after all, what you think. Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Charlie Chaplin|Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
Victor Hugo|Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.
Aesop|No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Oprah Winfrey|I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. 
Sam Levenson|Remember, if you ever need a helping hand, it's at the end of your arm, as you get older, remember you have another hand: The first is to help yourself, the second is to help others.
Anne Frank, The Diary of Anne Frank|In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Start a huge, foolish project, like Noah…it makes absolutely no difference what people think of you.
Meg Cabot, All-American Girl|Being brave is when you have to do something because you know it is right, but at the same time, you are afraid to do it, because it might hurt or whatever. But you do it anyway.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic & Baby|In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|But still, I find the need to remind myself of the temporariness of a day, to reassure myself that I got through yesterday, I'll get through today.
Mitch Albom|No life is a waste," the Blue Man said. "The only time we waste is the time we spend thinking we're alone.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I'll think of it tomorrow, at Tara. I can stand it then. Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.
Joss Whedon|Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|For beauty is nothing but the beginning of terrorwhich we are barely able to endure, and it amazes us so,because it serenely disdains to destroy us.Every angel is terrible.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|In friendship...we think we have chosen our peers. In reality a few years' difference in the dates of our births, a few more miles between certain houses, the choice of one university instead of another...the accident of a topic being raised or not raised at a first meeting--any of these chances might have kept us apart. But, for a Christian, there are, strictly speaking no chances. A secret master of ceremonies has been at work. Christ, who said to the disciples, "Ye have not chosen me, but I have chosen you," can truly say to every group of Christian friends, "Ye have not chosen one another but I have chosen you for one another." The friendship is not a reward for our discriminating and good taste in finding one another out. It is the instrument by which God reveals to each of us the beauties of others.
C.S. Lewis, The Last Battle|I have come home at last! This is my real country! I belong here. This is the land I have been looking for all my life, though I never knew it till now...Come further up, come further in!
Oprah Winfrey|I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.
Ally Carter|Not knowing you can't do something, is sometimes all it takes to do it.
Muriel Rukeyser|The universe is made of stories, not of atoms.
Ovid|Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|Live today. Not yesterday. Not tomorrow. Just today. Inhabit your moments. Don’t rent them out to tomorrow. Do you know what you’re doing when you spend a moment wondering how things are going to turn out with Perry?You’re cheating yourself out of today. Today is calling to you, trying to get your attention, but you’re stuck on tomorrow, and today trickles away like water down a drain. You wake up the next morning and that today you wasted is gone forever. It’s now yesterday. Some of those moments may have had wonderful things in store for you , but now you’ll never know.
Anaïs Nin|Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death.
C. JoyBell C.|Anger is like flowing water; there's nothing wrong with it as long as you let it flow. Hate is like stagnant water; anger that you denied yourself the freedom to feel, the freedom to flow; water that you gathered in one place and left to forget. Stagnant water becomes dirty, stinky, disease-ridden, poisonous, deadly; that is your hate. On flowing water travels little paper boats; paper boats of forgiveness. Allow yourself to feel anger, allow your waters to flow, along with all the paper boats of forgiveness. Be human.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
Gloria Steinem|Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all is a form of planning.
Confucius|When you see a good person, think of becoming like her/him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. He sets them to work, he gives back to them the bare minimum that will prevent them from starving, and the rest he keeps for himself.
Henry Miller|Life moves on, whether we act as cowards or heroes. Life has no other discipline to impose, if we would but realize it, than to accept life unquestioningly. Everything we shut our eyes to, everything we run away from, everything we deny, denigrate or despise, serves to defeat us in the end. What seems nasty, painful, evil, can become a source of beauty, joy, and strength, if faced with an open mind. Every moment is a golden one for him who has the vision to recognize it as such
J. Richard Lessor|I am a happy camper so I guess I’m doing something right. Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulder.
Walter Scott, Marmion|Oh, what a tangled web we weave...when first we practice to deceive.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong... to measure yourself at least once.
Gautama Buddha|Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|Bitch (noun): A woman who won't bang her head against the wall obsessing over someone else's opinion - be it a man or anyone else in her life. She understands that if someone does not approve of her, it's just one person's opinion; therefore, it's of no real importance. She doesn't try to live up to anyone else's standards - only her own. Because of this, she relates to a man very differently.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|You're alive, Bod. That means you have infinite potential. You can do anything, make anything, dream anything. If you can change the world, the world will change. Potential. Once you're dead, it's gone. Over. You've made what you've made, dreamed your dream, written your name. You may be buried here, you may even walk. But that potential is finished.
Ayn Rand|He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see.
Louis C.K.|I’m bored’ is a useless thing to say. I mean, you live in a great, big, vast world that you’ve seen none percent of. Even the inside of your own mind is endless; it goes on forever, inwardly, do you understand? The fact that you’re alive is amazing, so you don’t get to say ‘I’m bored.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|We've all started to put down the virtues of the other factions in the process of bolstering our own. I don't want to do that. I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." He clears his throat. "I continually struggle with kindness.
Anaïs Nin|We are like sculptors, constantly carving out of others the image we long for, need, love or desire, often against reality, against their benefit, and always, in the end, a disappointment, because it does not fit them.
Tupac Shakur|I'm not saying I'm gonna change the world, but I guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world.
Robert Frost|There are two kinds of teachers: the kind that fill you with so much quail shot that you can't move, and the kind that just gives you a little prod behind and you jump to the skies.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|People say that what we’re all seeking is a meaning for life. I don’t think that’s what we’re really seeking. I think that what we’re seeking is an experience of being alive, so that our life experiences on the purely physical plane will have resonances with our own innermost being and reality, so that we actually feel the rapture of being alive.
Bob Marley, Bob Marley - Legend|Get up, stand up, Stand up for your rights. Get up, stand up, Don't give up the fight.
Bruce Lee|Adapt what is useful, reject what is useless, and add what is specifically your own.
C. JoyBell C.|No, this is not the beginning of a new chapter in my life; this is the beginning of a new book! That first book is already closed, ended, and tossed into the seas; this new book is newly opened, has just begun! Look, it is the first page! And it is a beautiful one!
Vincent van Gogh|The fishermen know that the sea is dangerous and the storm terrible, but they have never found these dangers sufficient reason for remaining ashore.
Sophie Kinsella|Darling, when things go wrong in life, you lift your chin, put on a ravishing smile, mix yourself a little cocktail...
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it
Kahlil Gibran|The Reality of The Other Person Lies Not In What He Reveals To You, But What He Cannot Reveal To You.Therefore, If You Would Understand Him, Listen Not To What He Says, But Rather To What He Does Not Say.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands, and then work outward from there.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it.
Francis of Assisi|Start by doing what is necessary, then what is possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible.
Andrea Hirata, Sang Pemimpi|Bermimpilah, karena Tuhan akan memeluk mimpi-mimpi itu.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|There are times when solitude is better than society, and silence is wiser than speech. We should be better Christians if we were more alone, waiting upon God, and gathering through meditation on His Word spiritual strength for labour in his service. We ought to muse upon the things of God, because we thus get the real nutriment out of them. . . . Why is it that some Christians, although they hear many sermons, make but slow advances in the divine life? Because they neglect their closets, and do not thoughtfully meditate on God's Word. They love the wheat, but they do not grind it; they would have the corn, but they will not go forth into the fields to gather it; the fruit hangs upon the tree, but they will not pluck it; the water flows at their feet, but they will not stoop to drink it. From such folly deliver us, O Lord. . . .
Walt Disney Company|Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.
Anaïs Nin|I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Audrey Hepburn|I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them.
George R.R. Martin|We all need to be mocked from time to time, lest we take ourselves too seriously.
Arthur O'Shaughnessy, Poems of Arthur O'Shaughnessy|We are the music-makers,And we are the dreamers of dreams,Wandering by lone sea-breakers,And sitting by desolate streams.World-losers and world-forsakers,Upon whom the pale moon gleams;Yet we are the movers and shakers,Of the world forever, it seems.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more dangerous to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
Ronald Reagan|If we ever forget that we're one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone under.
Theodore Roosevelt|Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Martin Luther|We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography Of Malcolm X|So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|Envy is ignorance, Imitation is Suicide.
Benjamin Franklin|Instead of cursing the darkness, light a candle.
Fred Rogers|Anything that’s human is mentionable, and anything that is mentionable can be more manageable. When we can talk about our feelings, they become less overwhelming, less upsetting, and less scary. The people we trust with that important talk can help us know that we are not alone.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|I disregard the proportions, the measures, the tempo of the ordinary world. I refuse to live in the ordinary world as ordinary women. To enter ordinary relationships. I want ecstasy. I am a neurotic — in the sense that I live in my world. I will not adjust myself to the world. I am adjusted to myself.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Maktub" (It is written.)
Patrick Rothfuss|If you want to write a fantasy story with Norse gods, sentient robots, and telepathic dinosaurs, you can do just that. Want to throw in a vampire and a lesbian unicorn while you're at it? Go ahead. Nothing's off limits. But the endless possibility of the genre is a trap. It's easy to get distracted by the glittering props available to you and forget what you're supposed to be doing: telling a good story. Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.
Colin Powell|The less you associate with some people, the more your life will improve.Any time you tolerate mediocrity in others, it increases your mediocrity. Animportant attribute in successful people is their impatience with negativethinking and negative acting people. As you grow, your associates willchange. Some of your friends will not want you to go on. They will want youto stay where they are. Friends that don't help you climb will want you tocrawl. Your friends will stretch your vision or choke your dream. Those thatdon't increase you will eventually decrease you.Consider this:Never receive counsel from unproductive people. Never discuss your problemswith someone incapable of contributing to the solution, because those whonever succeed themselves are always first to tell you how. Not everyone hasa right to speak into your life. You are certain to get the worst of thebargain when you exchange ideas with the wrong person. Don't follow anyonewho's not going anywhere.With some people you spend an evening: with others you invest it. Be carefulwhere you stop to inquire for directions along the road of life. Wise is theperson who fortifies his life with the right friendships. If you run withwolves, you will learn how to howl. But, if you associate with eagles, youwill learn how to soar to great heights."A mirror reflects a man's face, but what he is really like is shown by thekind of friends he chooses."The simple but true fact of life is that you become like those with whom youclosely associate - for the good and the bad.Note: Be not mistaken. This is applicable to family as well as friends.Yes...do love, appreciate and be thankful for your family, for they willalways be your family no matter what. Just know that they are human firstand though they are family to you, they may be a friend to someone else andwill fit somewhere in the criteria above."In Prosperity Our Friends Know Us. In Adversity We Know Our friends.""Never make someone a priority when you are only an option for them.""If you are going to achieve excellence in big things,you develop the habit in little matters.Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.."..
Daisaku Ikeda|Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.
Anne Frank, The Diary of Anne Frank|Although I'm only fourteen, I know quite well what I want, I know who is right and who is wrong. I have my opinions, my own ideas and principles, and although it may sound pretty mad from an adolescent, I feel more of a person than a child, I feel quite indepedent of anyone.
Mark Twain|I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it.
Conan O'Brien|All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve," said Aslan. "And that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth. Be content.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|Sit in a room and read--and read and read. And read the right books by the right people. Your mind is brought onto that level, and you have a nice, mild, slow-burning rapture all the time.
Colleen McCullough, The Thorn Birds|There is a legend about a bird which sings just once in its life, more sweetly than any other creature on the face of the earth. From the moment it leaves the nest it searches for a thorn tree, and does not rest until it has found one. Then, singing among the savage branches, it impales itself upon the longest, sharpest spine. And, dying, it rises above its own agony to outcarol the lark and the nightingale. One superlative song, existence the price. But the whole world stills to listen, and God in His heaven smiles. For the best is only bought at the cost of great pain… Or so says the legend.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.
Ronald Reagan|Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same, or one day we will spend our sunset years telling our children and our children's children what it was once like in the United States where men were free.
Anne Lamott|Your problem is how you are going to spend this one and precious life you have been issued. Whether you're going to spend it trying to look good and creating the illusion that you have power over circumstances, or whether you are going to taste it, enjoy it and find out the truth about who you are.
Henry David Thoreau, I to Myself: An Annotated Selection from the Journal of Henry D. Thoreau|If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out|The best relationships in our lives are the best not because they have been the happiest ones, they are that way because they have stayed strong through the most tormentful of storms.
Elizabeth Gilbert|So tonight I reach for my journal again. This is the first time I’ve done this since I came to Italy. What I write in my journal is that I am weak and full of fear. I explain that Depression and Loneliness have shown up, and I’m scared they will never leave. I say that I don’t want to take the drugs anymore, but I’m frightened I will have to. I am terrified that I will never really pull my life together. 	In response, somewhere from within me, rises a now-familiar presence, offering me all the certainties I have always wished another person would say to me when I was troubled. This is what I find myself writing on the page:I’m here. I love you. I don’t care if you need to stay up crying all night long. I will stay with you. If you need the medication again, go ahead and take it—I will love you through that, as well. If you don’t need the medication, I will love you, too. There’s nothing you can ever do to lose my love. I will protect you until you die, and after your death I will still protect you. I am stronger than Depression and Braver than Loneliness and nothing will ever exhaust me. Tonight, this strange interior gesture of friendship—the lending of a hand fromme to myself when nobody else is around to offer solace—reminds me of something that happened to me once in New York City. I walked into an office building one afternoon in a hurry, dashed into the waiting elevator. As I rushed in, I caught an unexpected glance of myself in a security mirror’s reflection. In that moment, my brain did an odd thing—it fired off this split-second message: “Hey! You know her! That’s a friend of yours!” And I actually ran forward toward my own reflection with a smile, ready to welcome that girl whose name I had lost but whose face was so familiar. In a flash instant of course, I realized my mistake and laughed in embarrassment at my almost doglike confusion over how a mirror works. But for some reason that incident comes to mind again tonight during my sadness in Rome, and I find myself writing this comforting reminder at the bottom of the page. Never forget that once upon a time, in an unguarded moment, you recognized yourself as a FRIEND…	I fell asleep holding my notebook pressed against my chest, open to this most recent assurance. In the morning when I wake up, I can still smell a faint trace of depression’s lingering smoke, but he himself is nowhere to be seen. Somewhere during the night, he got up and left. And his buddy loneliness beat it, too.
Dolly Parton|The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain!
Winston S. Churchill, Never Give In!: The Best of Winston Churchill's Speeches|We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.
Abraham Lincoln|If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem. It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time. -Speech at Clinton, Illinois, September 8, 1854.
Maya Angelou|I want to thank you, Lord, for life and all that's in it. Thank you for the day and for the hour, and the minute. 
Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped|...Next time you're faced with a choice, do the right thing. It hurts everyone less in the long run.
Vincent van Gogh|Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Things die. But they don't always stay dead. Believe me, I know.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|Be yourself; no base imitator of another, but your best self. There is something which you can do better than another. Listen to the inward voice and bravely obey that. Do the things at which you are great, not what you were never made for.
Albert Schweitzer|Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad, Poor Dad|In school we learn that mistakes are bad, and we are punished for making them. Yet, if you look at the way humans are designed to learn, we learn by making mistakes. We learn to walk by falling down. If we never fell down, we would never walk.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Time weighs down on you like an old, ambiguous dream. You keep on moving, trying to sleep through it. But even if you go to the ends of the earth, you won't be able to escape it. Still, you have to go there- to the edge of the world. There's something you can't do unless you get there.
Muhammad Ali|I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'.
Anaïs Nin|She lacks confidence, she craves admiration insatiably. She lives on the reflections of herself in the eyes of others. She does not dare to be herself.
Seneca|Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Night and Sleep|An eye is meant to see things.The soul is here for its own joy.A head has one use: For loving a true love.Feet: To chase after.Love is for vanishing into the sky. The mind,for learning what men have done and tried to do.Mysteries are not to be solved: The eye goes blindwhen it only wants to see why.A lover is always accused of something.But when he finds his love, whatever was lostin the looking comes back completely changed.
Romain Rolland|If a man is to shed the light of the sun upon other men, he must first of all have it within himself.
Wayne W. Dyer|When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
Thomas A. Edison|When you have exhausted all possibilities, remember this - you haven't.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.
Confucius|It is not the failure of others to appreciate your abilities that should trouble you, but rather your failure to appreciate theirs.
Hiromu Arakawa, Fullmetal Alchemist, Vol. 1|Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect. But it's there for us, trying the best it can; that's what makes it so damn beautiful.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit.
T.S. Eliot|If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.
Thomas A. Edison|The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are, first, hard work; second, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Prayer|What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|You are willing to die, you coward, but not to live.
Vincent van Gogh|I am seeking, I am striving, I am in it with all my heart.
Frida Kahlo|Feet, what do I need them forIf I have wings to fly.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I didn't come here of my own accord, and I can't leave that way.Whoever brought me here will have to take me home.
Tom Hiddleston|Never, ever, let anyone tell you what you can and can't do. Prove the cynics wrong. Pity them for they have no imagination. The sky's the limit. Your sky. Your limit. Now. Let's dance.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|And that's when I understand that I have been stained. Whether I'm still in love with him, whether he was ever in love with me, and no matter who he's in love with now, Willem changed my life. He showed me how to get lost, and then I showed myself how to get found.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Besides, the world isn't split into good people and Death Eaters. We've all got both light and dark inside us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are.
Paulo Coelho|We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.
Vincent van Gogh|I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.
Alberto Manguel, A Reading Diary: A Passionate Reader's Reflections on a Year of Books|Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|My task, which I am trying to achieve is, by the power of the written word, to make you hear, to make you feel--it is, before all, to make you see.
Roald Dahl, My Uncle Oswald|I began to realize how important it was to be an enthusiast in life. He taught me that if you are interested in something, no matter what it is, go at it at full speed ahead. Embrace it with both arms, hug it, love it and above all become passionate about it. Lukewarm is no good. Hot is no good either. White hot and passionate is the only thing to be.
Dorothy Parker, Sunset Gun: Poems|And if my heart be scarred and burned,The safer, I, for all I learned.
Beatrix Potter|Believe there is a great power silently working all things for good, behave yourself and never mind the rest.
Helen Keller|I long to accomplish a great and noble task, but it is my chief duty to accomplish small tasks as if they were great and noble.
Wilfred Arlan Peterson|As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|All men want, not something to do with, but something to do, or rather something to be.
Joss Whedon|If you can't run, you crawl. If you can't crawl-- you find someone to carry you.
Charlie Chaplin|To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I think that one of these days," he said, "you're going to have to find out where you want to go. And then you've got to start going there. But immediately. You can't afford to lose a minute. Not you.
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?
Henri Bergson, Matter and Memory|The pure present is an ungraspable advance of the past devouring the future. In truth, all sensation is already memory.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Belief, like fear or love, is a force to be understood as we understand the theory of relativity and principals of uncertainty. Phenomena that determine the course of our lives. Yesterday, my life was headed in one direction. Today, it is headed in another. Yesterday, I believe I would never have done what I did today. These forces that often remake time and space, that can shape and alter who weimagine ourselves to be, begin long before we are born and continue after we perish. Our lives and our choices, like quantum trajectories, are understood moment to moment. That each point of intersection, each encounter, suggest a new potential direction. Proposition, I have fallen in love with Luisa Rey. Is this possible? I just met her and yet, I feel like something important has happened to me.
Jim Henson|Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
Rick Riordan|Remake the world, a little at a time, each in your own corner of the world.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|We can't choose our fate, but we can choose others. Be careful in knowing that.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Everything will turn out right, the world is built on that.
Theodore Parker|The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|Thus, from the war of nature, from famine and death, the most exalted object which we are capable of conceiving, namely, the production of the higher animals, directly follows. There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|Each suburban wife struggles with it alone. As she made the beds, shopped for groceries, matched slipcover material, ate peanut butter sandwiches with her children, chauffeured Cub Scouts and Brownies, lay beside her husband at night- she was afraid to ask even of herself the silent question-- 'Is this all?
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime.
Seneca|As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.
Walt Disney Company|Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four Cs. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|You are not a victim. No matter what you have been through, you're still here. You may have been challenged, hurt, betrayed, beaten, and discouraged, but nothing has defeated you. You are still here! You have been delayed but not denied. You are not a victim, you are a victor. You have a history of victory.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Wasn't that the point of the book? For women to realize, We are just two people. Not that much separates us. Not nearly as much as I'd thought.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 4 Always Say Less Than Necessary When you are trying to impress people with words, the more you say, the more common you appear, and the less in control. Even if you are saying something banal, it will seem original if you make it vague, open-ended, and sphinxlike. Powerful people impress and intimidate by saying less. The more you say, the more likely you are to say something foolish.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I'm going to paraphrase Thoreau here... rather than love, than money, than faith, than fame, than fairness... give me truth. 
Frida Kahlo|I don't paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.
Thomas A. Edison|If we all did the things we are really capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
Ray Bradbury|Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
Charles de Lint|I don't want to live in the kind of world where we don't look out for each other. Not just the people that are close to us, but anybody who needs a helping hand. I cant change the way anybody else thinks, or what they choose to do, but I can do my bit.
Tyler Perry|It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Hush, Don't Say Anything to God: Passionate Poems of Rumi|Do you know what you are?You are a manuscript oƒ a divine letter.You are a mirror reflecting a noble face. This universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself;everything that you want, you are already that.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|According to Aristophanes in Plato's The Banquet, in the ancient world of legend there were three types of people.In ancient times people weren't simply male or female, but one of three types : male/male, male/female or female/female. In other words, each person was made out of the components of two people. Everyone was happy with this arrangment and never really gave it much thought. But then God took a knife and cut everyone in half, right down the middle. So after that the world was divided just into male and female, the upshot being that people spend their time running around trying to locate their missing half.
Bob Marley|Don't give up the fight,Stand up for your rights.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo|I’ve had many enemies over the years. If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s never engage in a fight you’re sure to lose. On the other hand, never let anyone who has insulted you get away with it. Bide your time and strike back when you’re in a position of strength—even if you no longer need to strike back.
Max Lucado|I choose gentleness... Nothing is won by force. I choose to be gentle. If I raise my voice may it be only in praise. If I clench my fist, may it be only in prayer. If I make a demand, may it be only of myself.
Neil Gaiman, Make Good Art|Go and make interesting mistakes, make amazing mistakes, make glorious and fantastic mistakes. Break rules. Leave the world more interesting for your being here.
Reinhold Niebuhr|God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|There is no need to search; achievement leads to nowhere. It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all One, you see. And the only laws are paradox, humor and change. There is no problem, never was, and never will be. Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. No need to resist life, just do your best. Open your eyes and see that you are far more than you imagine. You are the world, you are the universe; you are yourself and everyone else, too! It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|Every man is more than just himself; he also represents the unique, the very special and always significant and remarkable point at which the world's phenomena intersect, only once in this way, and never again. That is why every man's story is important, eternal, sacred; that is why every man, as long as he lives and fulfills the will of nature, is wondrous, and worthy of consideration. In each individual the spirit has become flesh, in each man the creation suffers, within each one a redeemer is nailed to the cross.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|Sometimes, as we're stumbling along in the dark, we hit something good.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|You must accept the reality of other people. You think that reality is up for negotiation, that we think it's whatever you say it is. You must accept that we are as real as you are; you must accept that you are not God.
Anthony Robbins|If you can't you must, and if you must you can.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Awake, arise or be for ever fall’n.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|I am who I am; no more, no less.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up the men to gather wood, divide the work, and give orders. Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea.
James R. Sherman, Rejection|You can’t go back and make a new start, but you can start right now and make a brand new ending.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|I think the act of reading imbues the reader with a sensitivity toward the outside world that people who don't read can sometimes lack. I know it seems like a contradiction in terms; after all reading is such a solitary, internalizing act that it appears to represent a disengagement from day-to-day life. But reading, and particularly the reading of fiction, encourages us to view the world in new and challenging ways...It allows us to inhabit the consciousness of another which is a precursor to empathy, and empathy is, for me, one of the marks of a decent human being.
Emily Dickinson|The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience.
John Boyle O'Reilly, Life of John Boyle O'Reilly|Be silent and safe — silence never betrays you; Be true to your word and your work and your friend; Put least trust in him who is foremost to praise you,Nor judge of a road till it draw to the end.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|How should we be able to forget those ancient myths that are at the beginning of all peoples, the myths about dragons that at the last moment turn into princesses; perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave. Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.So you must not be frightened if a sadness rises up before you larger than any you have ever seen; if a restiveness, like light and cloudshadows, passes over your hands and over all you do. You must think that something is happening with you, that life has not forgotten you, that it holds you in its hand; it will not let you fall. Why do you want to shut out of your life any uneasiness, any miseries, or any depressions? For after all, you do not know what work these conditions are doing inside you.
Iain Thomas, I Wrote This For You|Be soft. Do not let the world make you hard. Do not let the pain make you hate. Do not let the bitterness steal your sweetness. Take pride that even though the rest of the world may disagree, you still believe it to be a beautiful place
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|No. Don't give up hope just yet. It's the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
Rabindranath Tagore|The butterfly counts not months but moments, and has time enough.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
Jim Rohn|If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse.
Rabindranath Tagore|Don't limit a child to your own learning, for she was born in another time.
Gerard Way|no matter how ugly the world gets or how stupid it shows me it is, I always have faith
David Nicholls, One Day|You know what I can't understand? You have all these people telling you all the time how great you are, smart and funny and talented and all that, I mean endlessly, I've been telling you for years. So why don't you believe it? why do you think people say that stuff, Em? Do you think it's a conspiracy, people secretly ganging up to be nice about you?
E.E. Cummings|a wind has blown the rain away & the sky away & all the leaves away, & the trees stand. i think i, too, have known autumn too long.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.
Ben Carson, Gifted Hands: The Ben Carson Story|Success is determined not by whether or not you face obstacles, but by your reaction to them. And if you look at these obstacles as a containing fence, they become your excuse for failure. If you look at them as a hurdle, each one strengthens you for the next.
Henry David Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers|The language of Friendship is not words, but meanings.
C. JoyBell C.|I am a flawed person. A brook with many stones, a clear blue sky with many blackbirds. I have many shortcomings. A rainbow that’s not long enough, a starry night with clouds. But I can only be thankful to the God who loves me just this way, and I can only be grateful to the people in my life who accept the clear blue sky with many blackbirds and who are patient with the rainbow that isn’t long enough. And because of this, I am taught love, because of this I love my God, and I love these people.
|Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.
Charlotte Brontë|I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 21|I wish I could've lived my life without making any wrong turns. But that's impossible. A path like that doesn't exist. We fail. We trip. We get lost. We make mistakes. And little by little, one step at a time, we push forward. It's all we can do. On our own two feet.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Chaos is more freedom; in fact, total freedom. But no meaning. I want to be free to act, and I also want my actions to mean something.
Robert Frost|We dance round in a ring and suppose,But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.
T.S. Eliot|Whatever you think, be sure it is what you think; whatever you want, be sure that is what you want; whatever you feel, be sure that is what you feel.
Sophie Kinsella, The Undomestic Goddess|If I've learned one lesson from all that's happened to me, it's that there is no such thing as the biggest mistake of your existence. There's no such thing as ruining your life. Life's a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self Reliance|There is a time in every man's education when he arrives at the conviction that envy is ignorance; that imitation is suicide; that he must take himself for better, for worse, as his portion; that though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given to him to till. The power which resides in him is new in nature, and none but he knows what that is which he can do, nor does he know until he has tried.
Robert M. Drake|She was a beautiful dreamer. The kind of girl, who kept her head in the clouds, loved above the stars and left regret beneath the earth she walked on.
Randy Pausch|When you're screwing up and nobody says anything to you anymore, that means they've given up on you.
Douglas Coupland|We are all of us born with a letter inside us, and that only if we are true to ourselves, may we be allowed to read it before we die.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|It's not about how to achieve your dreams, it's about how to lead your life, ... If you lead your life the right way, the karma will take care of itself, the dreams will come to you.
Gail Carson Levine, The Two Princesses of Bamarre|Step follows step,Hope follows Courage,Set your face towards danger,Set your heart on victory.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|If nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that—warm things, kind things, sweet things—help and comfort and laughter—and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
Dalai Lama XIV|Look at children. Of course they may quarrel, but generally speaking they do not harbor ill feelings as much or as long as adults do. Most adults have the advantage of education over children, but what is the use of an education if they show a big smile while hiding negative feelings deep inside? Children dont usually act in such a manner. If they feel angry with someone, they express it, and then it is finished. They can still play with that person the following day.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|The key to your happiness is to own your slippers, own who you are, own how you look, own your family, own the talents you have, and own the ones you don't. If you keep saying your slippers aren't yours, then you'll die searching, you'll die bitter, always feeling you were promised more. Not only our actions, but also our omissions, become our destiny.
Henry Ford|Don't find fault, find a remedy; anybody can complain
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|When you take risks you learn that there will be times when you succeed and there will be times when you fail, and both are equally important.
Richard Bach|Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
Konstantin Stanislavski, My Life In Art|Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam|Dream, Dream DreamDreams transform into thoughts And thoughts result in action.
John Lubbock, The Beauties of Nature and the Wonders of the World We Live in|What we do see depends mainly on what we look for. ... In the same field the farmer will notice the crop, the geologists the fossils, botanists the flowers, artists the colouring, sportmen the cover for the game. Though we may all look at the same things, it does not all follow that we should see them.
Marilyn Monroe|Just because you fall once, doesn't mean you're fall at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always trust yourself, because if you don't then who will??
Harriet Tubman|Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Bruce Lee|Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|Mr. Franz, I think careers are a 20th century invention and I don't want one.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|Determine never to be idle. No person will have occasion to complain of the want of time, who never loses any. It is wonderful how much may be done, if we are always doing.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|It did not really matter what we expected from life, but rather what life expected from us. We needed to stop asking about the meaning of life, and instead to think of ourselves as those who were being questioned by life—daily and hourly. Our answer must consist, not in talk and meditation, but in right action and in right conduct. Life ultimately means taking the responsibility to find the right answer to its problems and to fulfill the tasks which it constantly sets for each individual.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Have you ever seen the stars in the night? See them closely, they will tell you, how to be open, how to love and how to shine and twinkle without any differences and jealousy of other stars.
Christopher McCandless|So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Have regular hours for work and play; make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well. Then youth will bring few regrets, and life will become a beautiful success.
Anne Lamott|I think joy and sweetness and affection are a spiritual path. We're here to know God, to love and serve God, and to be blown away by the beauty and miracle of nature. You just have to get rid of so much baggage to be light enough to dance, to sing, to play. You don't have time to carry grudges; you don't have time to cling to the need to be right.
Thomas Bernhard, Correction|Instead of committing suicide, people go to work.
Thomas S. Monson|May I share with you a formula that in my judgment will help you and help me to journey well through mortality... First, fill your mind with truth; second, fill your life with service; and third, fill your heart with love.
Leo Tolstoy|Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|There comes a time when we realize that our parents cannot save themselves or save us, that everyone who wades through time eventually gets dragged out to sea by the undertow- that, in short, we are all going.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|If you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more, you'll end up miserable.
Charles Dickens|The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will.' Consider nothing impossible, then treat possiblities as probabilities.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|You know, the mind is a remarkable thing. Just because you can't see the wound doesn't mean it isn't hurting. It scars all the time, but it heals.
Pablo Picasso|I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Aldous Huxley, Island|It’s dark because you are trying too hard. Lightly child, lightly. Learn to do everything lightly. Yes, feel lightly even though you’re feeling deeply. Just lightly let things happen and lightly cope with them. I was so preposterously serious in those days, such a humorless little prig. Lightly, lightly – it’s the best advice ever given me. When it comes to dying even. Nothing ponderous, or portentous, or emphatic. No rhetoric, no tremolos, no self conscious persona putting on its celebrated imitation of Christ or Little Nell. And of course, no theology, no metaphysics. Just the fact of dying and the fact of the clear light. So throw away your baggage and go forward. There are quicksands all about you, sucking at your feet, trying to suck you down into fear and self-pity and despair. That’s why you must walk so lightly. Lightly my darling, on tiptoes and no luggage, not even a sponge bag, completely unencumbered.
Aristotle|To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.
Karen Marie Moning, Faefever|It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.
Barbara Johnson|To be in your children's memories tomorrow,You have to be in their lives today.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|If I must fall, may it be from a high place.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|My heart might be bruised, but it will recover and become capable of seeing beauty of life once more. It's happened before, it will happen again, I'm sure. When someone leaves, it's because someone else is about to arrive--I'll find love again.
Salvador Dalí|Every morning when I wake up, I experience an exquisite joy —the joy of being Salvador Dalí— and I ask myself in rapture: What wonderful things is this Salvador Dalí going to accomplish today?
Merce Cunningham|You have to love dancing to stick to it. It gives you nothing back, no manuscripts to store away, no paintings to show on walls and maybe hang in museums, no poems to be printed and sold, nothing but that single fleeting moment when you feel alive.
Robert Browning, Men and Women and Other Poems|Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp,Or what's a heaven for?
John Green|I was born into Bolívar's labyrinth, and so I must believe in the hope of Rabelais' Great Perhaps.
Daisaku Ikeda|Life is painful. It has thorns, like the stem of a rose. Culture and art are the roses that bloom on the stem. The flower is yourself, your humanity. Art is the liberation of the humanity inside yourself.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|The best way to measure how much you've grown isn't by inches or the number of laps you can now run around the track, or even your grade point average-- though those things are important, to be sure. It's what you've done with your time, how you've chosen to spend your days, and whom you've touched this year. That, to me, is the greatest measure of success.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|I'd like to add some beauty to life," said Anne dreamily. "I don't exactly want to make people KNOW more... though I know that IS the noblest ambition... but I'd love to make them have a pleasanter time because of me... to have some little joy or happy thought that would never have existed if I hadn't been born.
Martin Luther King Jr., I Have a Dream: Writings and Speeches That Changed the World|Free at last, Free at last, Thank God almighty we are free at last.
Nayyirah Waheed|Just because someone desires you, it does not mean that they value you.Read it over.Again.Let those words resonate in your mind.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I hate you."I love you."You're a freak, you know that? Everyone says so. They always have."I'm trying not to be.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|When I was alive, I believed — as you do — that time was at least as real and solid as myself, and probably more so. I said 'one o'clock' as though I could see it, and 'Monday' as though I could find it on the map; and I let myself be hurried along from minute to minute, day to day, year to year, as though I were actually moving from one place to another. Like everyone else, I lived in a house bricked up with seconds and minutes, weekends and New Year's Days, and I never went outside until I died, because there was no other door. Now I know that I could have walked through the walls. (...) You can strike your own time, and start the count anywhere. When you understand that — then any time at all will be the right time for you.
Charles de Lint|Every time you do a good deed you shine the light a little farther into the dark. And the thing is, when you're gone that light is going to keep shining on, pushing the shadows back.
Elmore Leonard, Elmore Leonard's 10 Rules of Writing|If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it.
Og Mandino|Remind thyself, in the darkest moments, that every failure is only a step toward success, every detection of what is false directs you toward what is true, every trial exhausts some tempting form of error, and every adversity will only hide, for a time, your path to peace and fulfillment. 
Neale Donald Walsch|The deepest secret is that life is not a process of discovery, but a process of creation. You are not discovering yourself, but creating yourself anew. Seek therefore, not to find out Who You Are, but seek to determine Who You Want to Be.
Ellen DeGeneres, The Funny Thing Is...|Life is short. If you doubt me, ask a butterfly. Their average life span is a mere five to fourteen days.
Martin Luther|My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people want it to be.
John Waters, Crackpot: The Obsessions of John Waters|I've had it with being nice, understanding, fair and hopeful. I feel like being negative all day. The chip on my shoulder could sink the QE2. I've got an attitude problem and nobody better get in my way...I'm in a bad mood and the whole stupid little world is gonna pay!
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|We ask ourselves, who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, handsome, talented and fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Veronica Roth|What did you do?” I mumble. He is just a few feet away from me now, but not close enough to hear me. As he passes me he stretches out his hand. He wraps it around my palm and squeezes. Squeezes, then lets go. His eyes are bloodshot; he is pale. “What did you do?” This time the question tears from my throat like a growl. I throw myself toward him, struggling against Peter’s grip, though his hands chafe. “What did you do?” I scream. “You die, I die too” Tobias looks over his shoulder at me. “I asked you not to do this. You made your decision. These are the repercussions.
Warsan Shire|Your daughter is ugly.She knows loss intimately,carries whole cities in her belly.As a child, relatives wouldn’t hold her.She was splintered wood and sea water.They said she reminded them of the war.On her fifteenth birthday you taught herhow to tie her hair like rope and smoke it over burning frankincense.You made her gargle rosewaterand while she coughed, saidmacaanto girls like you shouldn’t smellof lonely or empty.You are her mother.Why did you not warn her,hold her like a rotting boatand tell her that men will not love herif she is covered in continents,if her teeth are small colonies,if her stomach is an islandif her thighs are borders?What man wants to lay down and watch the world burn in his bedroom? Your daughter’s face is a small riot,her hands are a civil war,a refugee camp behind each ear,a body littered with ugly thingsbut God, doesn’t she wearthe world well.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|There are not more than five musical notes, yet the combinations of these five give rise to more melodies than can ever be heard. There are not more than five primary colours, yet in combinationthey produce more hues than can ever been seen.There are not more than five cardinal tastes, yet combinations ofthem yield more flavours than can ever be tasted.
Shel Silverstein|No DifferenceSmall as a peanut,Big as a giant,We're all the same sizeWhen we turn off the light.Rich as a sultan,Poor as a mite,We're all worth the sameWhen we turn off the light.Red, black or orange,Yellow or white, We all look the sameWhen we turn off the light.So maybe the way, To make everything rightIs for god to just reach outAnd turn off the light!
Gerard Way|Are you on our side...and want to be different, or are you on that side and want to throw a football at my head!?
China Miéville, The Scar|Scars are not injuries, Tanner Sack. A scar is a healing. After injury, a scar is what makes you whole.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|The further you go, the more you have to be proud of. At the same time, in order to come a long way, you have to be behind to begin with. IN the end, though maybe it's not how you reach a place that matters. Just that you get there at all.
Fernando Pessoa|The value of things is not the time they last, but the intensity with which they occur. That is why there are unforgettable moments and unique people!
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|If you live in a past dream, you don't enjoy what is happening right now because you will always wish it to be different than it is. There is no time to miss anyone or anything because you are alive. Not enjoying what is happening right now is living in the past and being only half alive. This leads to self pity, suffering and tears.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not "This is misfortune," but "To bear this worthily is good fortune.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|When your will is God's will, you will have your will.
Robin Hobb|The second thing you have to do to be a writer is to keep on writing. Don't listen to people who tell you that very few people get published and you won't be one of them. Don't listen to your friend who says you are better that Tolkien and don't have to try any more. Keep writing, keep faith in the idea that you have unique stories to tell, and tell them. I meet far too many people who are going to be writers 'someday.' When they are out of high school, when they've finished college, after the wedding, when the kids are older, after I retire . . . That is such a trap You will never have any more free time than you do right now. So, whether you are 12 or 70, you should sit down today and start being a writer if that is what you want to do. You might have to write on a notebook while your kids are playing on the swings or write in your car on your coffee break. That's okay. I think we've all 'been there, done that.' It all starts with the writing. 
Mahatma Gandhi|I came to the conclusion long ago that all religions were true and that also that all had some error in them, and while I hold by my own religion, I should hold other religions as dear as Hinduism. So we can only pray, if we were Hindus, not that a Christian should become a Hindu; but our innermost prayer should be that a Hindu should become a better Hindu, a Muslim a better Muslim, and a Christian a better Christian.
Thomas S. Monson|Never let a problem to be solved, become more important than a person to be loved.
Taylor Swift|If they don't like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.
Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True|I am not a smart man, particularly, but one day, at long last, I stumbled from the dark woods of my own, and my family's, and my country's past, holding in my hands these truths: that love grows from the rich loam of forgiveness; that mongrels make good dogs; that the evidence of God exists in the roundness of things. This much, at least, I've figured out. I know this much is true.
Cesare Pavese|We do not remember days, we remember moments.
Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie|Yes, I have tricks in my pocket, I have things up my sleeve. But I am the opposite of a stage magician. He gives you illusion that has the appearance of truth. I give you truth in the pleasant disguise of illusion.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.
Jeanne d'Arc|One life is all we have and we live it as we believe in living it. But to sacrifice what you are and to live without belief, that is a fate more terrible than dying.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The truth knocks on the door and you say, "Go away, I'm looking for the truth," and so it goes away. Puzzling.
Thomas Merton|To be grateful is to recognize the Love of God in everything He has given us - and He has given us everything. Every breath we draw is a gift of His love, every moment of existence is a grace, for it brings with it immense graces from Him. Gratitude therefore takes nothing for granted, is never unresponsive, is constantly awakening to new wonder and to praise of the goodness of God. For the grateful person knows that God is good, not by hearsay but by experience. And that is what makes all the difference.
Bruce Lee|It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.
Joseph Conrad|Facing it, always facing it, that’s the way to get through. Face it.
Dr. Seuss|With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|The past can't hurt you anymore. Not unless you let it. They made you into a victim, Evey. They made you into a statistic. But, that's not the real you. That's not who you are inside.
Stephen Hawking|I believe the simplest explanation is, there is no God. No one created the universe and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization that there probably is no heaven and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that, I am extremely grateful.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|The caged bird sings with a fearful trill,of things unknown, but longed for still, and his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom.
C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader|In our world," said Eustace, "a star is a huge ball of flaming gas."Even in your world, my son, that is not what a star is, but only what it is made of.
Loren Eiseley|Once upon a time, there was a wise man who used to go to the ocean to do his writing. He had a habit of walking on the beach before he began his work.One day, as he was walking along the shore, he looked down the beach and saw a human figure moving like a dancer. He smiled to himself at the thought of someone who would dance to the day, and so, he walked faster to catch up.As he got closer, he noticed that the figure was that of a young man, and that what he was doing was not dancing at all. The young man was reaching down to the shore, picking up small objects, and throwing them into the ocean.He came closer still and called out "Good morning! May I ask what it is that you are doing?"The young man paused, looked up, and replied "Throwing starfish into the ocean.""I must ask, then, why are you throwing starfish into the ocean?" asked the somewhat startled wise man.To this, the young man replied, "The sun is up and the tide is going out. If I don't throw them in, they'll die."Upon hearing this, the wise man commented, "But, young man, do you not realize that there are miles and miles of beach and there are starfish all along every mile? You can't possibly make a difference!"At this, the young man bent down, picked up yet another starfish, and threw it into the ocean. As it met the water, he said, "It made a difference for that one.
Philip Pullman|There's a hunger for stories in all of us, adults too. We need stories so much that we're even willing to read bad books to get them, if the good books won't supply them.
Anaïs Nin|life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity, & stumble from defeat to defeat.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|Being Adam Parrish was a complicated thing, a wonder of muscles and organs, synapses and nerves. He was a miracle of moving parts, a study in survival. The most important thing to Adam Parrish, though, had always been free will, the ability to be his own master.This was the important thing.It had always been the important thing. This was what it was to be Adam.
Michael Jordan|I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.
John O'Donohue, To Bless the Space Between Us: A Book of Blessings|For Equilibrium, a Blessing:Like the joy of the sea coming home to shore,May the relief of laughter rinse through your soul.As the wind loves to call things to dance,May your gravity by lightened by grace.Like the dignity of moonlight restoring the earth,May your thoughts incline with reverence and respect.As water takes whatever shape it is in,So free may you be about who you become.As silence smiles on the other side of what's said,May your sense of irony bring perspective.As time remains free of all that it frames,May your mind stay clear of all it names.May your prayer of listening deepen enoughto hear in the depths the laughter of god.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|Consider it: every person you have ever met, every person will suffer the loss of his friends and family. All are going to lose everything they love in this world. Why would one want to be anything but kind to them in the meantime?
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift. 
Carlos Castañeda|A path is only a path, and there is no affront, to oneself or to others, in dropping it if that is what your heart tells you . . . Look at every path closely and deliberately. Try it as many times as you think necessary. Then ask yourself alone, one question . . . Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't it is of no use.
Anatole France|All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind us is a part of ourselves; we must die to one life before we can enter another.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
Bernard M. Baruch|Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?
Benjamin Franklin|Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Stephen King, Different Seasons|Am I weird?""Yeah. But so what? Everybody's weird.
Walt Disney Company|If you can dream it, you can do it.
Michael  Jackson|I'm starting with the man in the mirror,I'm asking him to change his ways;And no message could have been any clearer,If you wanna make the world a better place,Take a look at yourself, and then make a change!
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Words save our lives, sometimes.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|I am what I am, an’ I’m not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,’ my ol’ dad used ter say, ‘there’s some who’ll hold it against you, but they’re not worth botherin’ with.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 25Re-Create YourselfDo not accept the roles that society foists on you. Re-create yourself by forging a new identity, one that commands attention and never bores the audience. Be the master of your own image rather than letting others define if for you. Incorporate dramatic devices into your public gestures and actions – your power will be enhanced and your character will seem larger than life.
John Keats|A thing of beauty is a joy for ever: Its loveliness increases; it will never Pass into nothingness; but still will keep A bower quiet for us, and a sleep Full of sweet dreams, and health, and quiet breathing.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|How much time he gains who does not look to see what his neighbour says or does or thinks, but only at what he does himself, to make it just and holy.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probablybecome as ordinary as they expect you to be.
Michio Kaku|Beyond work and love, I would add two other ingredients that give meaning to life. First, to fulfill whatever talents we are born with. However blessed we are by fate with different abilities and strengths, we should try to develop them to the fullest, rather than allow them to atrophy and decay. We all know individuals who did not fulfill the promise they showed in childhood. Many of them became haunted by the image of what they might have become. Instead of blaming fate, I think we should accept ourselves as we are and try to fulfill whatever dreams are within our capability.Second, we should try to leave the world a better place than when we entered it. As individuals, we can make a difference, whether it is to probe the secrets of Nature, to clean up the environment and work for peace and social justice, or to nurture the inquisitive, vibrant spirit of the young by being a mentor and a guide.
Sakyong Mipham| Many of us are slaves to our minds. Our own mind is our worst enemy. We try to focus, and our mind wanders off. We try to keep stress at bay, but anxiety keeps us awake at night. We try to be good to the people we love, but then we forget them and put ourselves first. And when we want to change our life, we dive into spiritual practice and expect quick results, only to lose focus after the honeymoon has worn off. We return to our state of bewilderment. We're left feeling helpless and discouraged. It seems we all agree that training the body through exercise, diet, and relaxation is a good idea, but why don't we think about training our minds?
C.S. Lewis, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe|Wrong will be right, when Aslan comes in sight,At the sound of his roar, sorrows will be no more,When he bares his teeth, winter meets its death,And when he shakes his mane, we shall have spring again.
Zig Ziglar|When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.
Napoleon Hill|Do not wait: the time will never be 'just right'. Start where you stand, and work whatever tools you may have at your command and better tools will be found as you go along.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|I don't know, I don't want to talk as much. (...) It's nicer to think dear, pretty thoughts and keep them in one's heart, like treasures. I don't like to have them laughed at or wondered over.
Barney Stinson|When I get sad, I stop being sad and be awesome instead.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Each of us has the right and the responsibility to assess the roads which lie ahead, and those over which we have traveled, and if the future road looms ominous or unpromising, and the roads back uninviting, then we need to gather our resolve and, carrying only the necessary baggage, step off that road into another direction. If the new choice is also unpalatable, without embarrassment, we must be ready to change that as well.
Mary Anne Radmacher|Courage does not always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, 'I will try again tomorrow.
Abraham Lincoln|In this sad world of ours sorrow comes to all and it often comes with bitter agony. Perfect relief is not possible except with time. You cannot now believe that you will ever feel better. But this is not true. You are sure to be happy again. Knowing this, truly believing it will make you less miserable now. I have had enough experience to make this statement.
Libba Bray|To those who will see, the world waits.
Jack Kornfield|In the end, just three things matter:How well we have livedHow well we have lovedHow well we have learned to let go
Richard Dawkins|After sleeping through a hundred million centuries we have finally opened our eyes on a sumptuous planet, sparkling with color, bountiful with life. Within decades we must close our eyes again. Isn’t it a noble, an enlightened way of spending our brief time in the sun, to work at understanding the universe and how we have come to wake up in it? This is how I answer when I am asked—as I am surprisingly often—why I bother to get up in the mornings.
Shannon Hale, Princess Academy|I keep thinking about a tale my nurse used to read to me about a bird whose wings are pinned to the ground. In the end, when he finally frees himself, he flies so high he becomes a star. My nurse said the story was about how we all have something that keeps us down.
Randy Pausch|Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you.
Ezra Taft Benson|Men and women who turn their lives over to God will discover that He can make a lot more out of their lives than they can. He can deepen their joys, expand their vision, quicken their minds, strengthen their muscles, lift their spirits, multiply their blessings, increase their opportunities, comfort their soals, and pour out peace.
Paulo Coelho|Closing The CycleOne always has to know when a stage comes to an end. If we insist on staying longer than the necessary time, we lose the happiness and the meaning of the other stages we have to go through. Closing cycles, shutting doors, ending chapters - whatever name we give it, what matters is to leave in the past the moments of life that have finished.Did you lose your job? Has a loving relationship come to an end? Did you leave your parents' house? Gone to live abroad? Has a long-lasting friendship ended all of a sudden?You can spend a long time wondering why this has happened. You can tell yourself you won't take another step until you find out why certain things that were so important and so solid in your life have turned into dust, just like that. But such an attitude will be awfully stressing for everyone involved: your parents, your husband or wife, your friends, your children, your sister, everyone will be finishing chapters, turning over new leaves, getting on with life, and they will all feel bad seeing you at a standstill.None of us can be in the present and the past at the same time, not even when we try to understand the things that happen to us. What has passed will not return: we cannot for ever be children, late adolescents, sons that feel guilt or rancor towards our parents, lovers who day and night relive an affair with someone who has gone away and has not the least intention of coming back.Things pass, and the best we can do is to let them really go away. That is why it is so important (however painful it may be!) to destroy souvenirs, move, give lots of things away to orphanages, sell or donate the books you have at home. Everything in this visible world is a manifestation of the invisible world, of what is going on in our hearts - and getting rid of certain memories also means making some room for other memories to take their place.Let things go. Release them. Detach yourself from them. Nobody plays this life with marked cards, so sometimes we win and sometimes we lose. Do not expect anything in return, do not expect your efforts to be appreciated, your genius to be discovered, your love to be understood. Stop turning on your emotional television to watch the same program over and over again, the one that shows how much you suffered from a certain loss: that is only poisoning you, nothing else.Nothing is more dangerous than not accepting love relationships that are broken off, work that is promised but there is no starting date, decisions that are always put off waiting for the "ideal moment." Before a new chapter is begun, the old one has to be finished: tell yourself that what has passed will never come back. Remember that there was a time when you could live without that thing or that person - nothing is irreplaceable, a habit is not a need. This may sound so obvious, it may even be difficult, but it is very important.Closing cycles. Not because of pride, incapacity or arrogance, but simply because that no longer fits your life. Shut the door, change the record, clean the house, shake off the dust. Stop being who you were, and change into who you are.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|HOW do you define a word without concrete meaning? To each his own, the saying goes, soWHYpush to attain an ideal state of being that no two random people will agree isWHERE you want to be? Faultless. Finished. Incomparable. People can never be these, and anyway,WHENdid creating a flawless facade become a more vital goal than learning to love the personWHOlives inside your skin? The outside belongs to others. Only you should decide for you -WHATis perfect.
Benjamin Disraeli|When men are pure, laws are useless; when men are corrupt, laws are broken.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Man cannot possess anything as long as he fears death. But to him who does not fear it, everything belongs. If there was no suffering, man would not know his limits, would not know himself. 
Joseph Smith Jr.|Happiness is the object and design of our existence; and will be the end thereof, if we pursue the path that leads to it; and this path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulness, holiness, and keeping all the commandments of God.
Paul McCartney|When I find myself in times of trouble, mother Mary comes to me,speaking words of wisdom, let it be.And in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me,speaking words of wisdom, let it be.Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.Whisper words of wisdom, let it be.And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree,there will be an answer, let it be.For though they may be parted there is still a chance that they will see,there will be an answer. let it be.Let it be, let it be, .....And when the night is cloudy, there is still a light, that shines on me,shine until tomorrow, let it be.I wake up to the sound of music, mother Mary comes to me,speaking words of wisdom, let it be.Let it be, let it be, .....
L. Frank Baum|That proves you are unusual," returned the Scarecrow; "and I am convinced that the only people worthy of consideration in this world are the unusual ones. For the common folks are like the leaves of a tree, and live and die unnoticed.
Selena Gómez|Always be yourself, there's no one better!
Alfred Tennyson|Come friends, it's not too late to seek a newer world.
Lynette Mather|What if the kid you bullied at school, grew up, and turned out to be the only surgeon who could save your life?
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|Try, reach, want, and you may fall. But even if you do, you might be okay anyway. If you don't try, you save nothing, because you might as well be dead.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The harder you fall, the heavier your heart; the heavier your heart, the stronger you climb; the stronger you climb, the higher your pedestal.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin's Blade|My name is Celaena Sardothien," she whispered, "and I will not be afraid.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Don't waste your energy trying to change opinions ... Do your thing, and don't care if they like it.
Malcolm Gladwell, Outliers: The Story of Success|Those three things - autonomy, complexity, and a connection between effort and reward - are, most people will agree, the three qualities that work has to have if it is to be satisfying.
Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing|The amazing thing is that every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics: You are all stardust. You couldn’t be here if stars hadn’t exploded, because the elements - the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, all the things that matter for evolution - weren’t created at the beginning of time. They were created in the nuclear furnaces of stars, and the only way they could get into your body is if those stars were kind enough to explode. So, forget Jesus. The stars died so that you could be here today.
Robert Jordan, The Dragon Reborn|Til shade is gone, til water is goneInto the shadow with teeth baredScreaming defiance with the last breathTo spit in Sightblinder’s eye on the Last Day.
Matthew Dicks, Memoirs of an Imaginary Friend|You have to be the bravest person in the world to go out every day, being yourself when no one likes who you are.
Swami Vivekananda|The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful.
Virginia Woolf|The beauty of the world...has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.
Albert Einstein|Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces over which we have no control. It is determined for the insect, as well as for the star. Human beings, vegetables, or cosmic dust, we all dance to a mysterious tune, intoned in the distance by an invisible piper.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness, and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
E.M. Forster, What I Believe and Other Essays|If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Look again at that dot. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there--on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|Freedom is a heavy load, a great and strange burden for the spirit to undertake. It is not easy. It is not a gift given, but a choice made, and the choice may be a hard one. The road goes upward towards the light; but the laden traveler may never reach the end of it.
John Grogan|A dog has no use for fancy cars or big homes or designer clothes. Status symbol means nothing to him. A waterlogged stick will do just fine. A dog judges others not by their color or creed or class but by who they are inside. A dog doesn't care if you are rich or poor, educated or illiterate, clever or dull. Give him your heart and he will give you his. It was really quite simple, and yet we humans, so much wiser and more sophisticated, have always had trouble figuring out what really counts and what does not. As I wrote that farewell column to Marley, I realized it was all right there in front of us, if only we opened our eyes. Sometimes it took a dog with bad breath, worse manners, and pure intentions to help us see.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|You can have many great ideas in your head, but what makes the difference is the action. Without action upon an idea, there will be no manifestation, no results, and no reward
Dean Karnazes|Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Do not give way to useless alarm; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.
Deepak Chopra|According to this law [the law of Dharma], you have a unique talent and a unique way of expressing it. There is something that you can do better than anyone else in the whole world--and for every unique talent and unique expression of that talent, there are also unique needs. When these needs are matched with the creative expression of your talent, that is the spark that creates affluence. Expressing your talents to fulfill needs creates unlimited wealth and abundance.
Nicholas Sparks, The Rescue|Distance can ruin even the best of intentions.But I suppose it depends on how you look at it.Distance just adds a richness you would not otherwise get.People come. People go. They will drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book.When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their stories and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones. Not the ones from the past.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Of all the wonders that I have heard,It seems to me most strange that men should fear;Seeing death, a necessary end,Will come when it will come.(Act II, Scene 2)
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap.
Epicurus|Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.
C. JoyBell C., The Sun Is Snowing: Poetry & Prose by C. Joybell C|Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life.No one has the right to point fingers at his/her past and blame it for what he/she is today. We do not have the right to point our finger at someone else and blame that person for how we treat others, today.Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And stomach it all! You may have to do so kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it!This life makes no room for cowards.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|The pessimist resembles a man who observes with fear and sadness that his wall calendar, from which he daily tears a sheet, grows thinner with each passing day. On the other hand, the person who attacks the problems of life actively is like a man who removes each successive leaf from his calendar and files it neatly and carefully away with its predecessors, after first having jotted down a few diary notes on the back. He can reflect with pride and joy on all the richness set down in these notes, on all the life he has already lived to the fullest. What will it matter to him if he notices that he is growing old? Has he any reason to envy the young people whom he sees, or wax nostalgic over his own lost youth? What reasons has he to envy a young person? For the possibilities that a young person has, the future which is in store for him?No, thank you,' he will think. 'Instead of possibilities, I have realities in my past, not only the reality of work done and of love loved, but of sufferings bravely suffered. These sufferings are even the things of which I am most proud, although these are things which cannot inspire envy.
C.G. Jung|I have frequently seen people become neurotic when they content themselves with inadequate or wrong answers to the questions of life. They seek position, marriage, reputation, outward success of money, and remain unhappy and neurotic even when they have attained what they were seeking. Such people are usually confined within too narrow a spiritual horizon. Their life has not sufficient content, sufficient meaning. If they are enabled to develop into more spacious personalities, the neurosis generally disappears.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, On Life After Death|The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Good Poems for Hard Times|The heights by great men reached and kept were not attained in sudden flight but, they while their companions slept, they were toiling upwards in the night.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Somebody has to start. Somebody has to step forward and do what is right, because it is right.
John Bytheway|It is better to be respected than it is to be popular. Popularity ends on yearbook day, but respect lasts forever.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Practical Reason|Two things fill the mind with ever-increasing wonder and awe, the more often and the more intensely the mind of thought is drawn to them: the starry heavens above me and the moral law within me.
Alice Hoffman, Incantation|If every life is a river, then it's little wonder that we do not even notice the changes that occur until we are far out in the darkest sea. One day you look around and nothing is familiar, not even your own face. My name once meant daughter, grandaughter, friend, sister, beloved. Now those words mean only what their letters spell out; Star in the night sky. Truth in the darkness.I have crossed over to a place where I never thought I'd be. I am someone I would have never imagined. A secret. A dream. I am this, body and soul. Burn me. Drown me. Tell me lies. I will still be who I am.
James     Baldwin|Know from whence you came. If you know whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations to where you can go.
Mark Helprin, A Soldier of the Great War|As long as you have life and breath, believe. Believe for those who cannot. Believe even if you have stopped believing. Believe for the sake of the dead, for love, to keep your heart beating, believe. Never give up, never despair, let no mystery confound you into the conclusion that mystery cannot be yours.
James Thurber|All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from, and to, and why.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|The sea's only gifts are harsh blows, and occasionally the chance to feel strong. Now I don't know much about the sea, but I do know that that's the way it is here. And I also know how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong but to feel strong. To measure yourself at least once. To find yourself at least once in the most ancient of human conditions. Facing the blind death stone alone, with nothing to help you but your hands and your own head.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|There is no evidence that we've been placed on this planet to be especially happy or especially normal. And in fact our unhappiness and our strangeness, our anxieties and compulsions, those least fashionable aspects of our personalities, are quite often what lead us to do rather interesting things.
Brian Andreas|We lay there and looked up at the night sky and she told me about stars called blue squares and red swirls and I told her I'd never heard of them. Of course not, she said, the really important stuff they never tell you. You have to imagine it on your own.
Dale Wasserman, Man of La Mancha|Too much sanity may be madness — and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!
Joss Whedon|All I ask is this: Do something. Try something. Speaking out, showing up, writing a letter, a check, a strongly worded e-mail. Pick a cause – there are few unworthy ones. And nudge yourself past the brink of tacit support to action. Once a month, once a year, or just once...Even just learning enough about a subject so you can speak against an opponent eloquently makes you an unusual personage. Start with that. Any one of you would have cried out, would have intervened, had you been in that crowd in Bashiqa. Well thanks to digital technology, you’re all in it now.
Antonio Machado, Campos de Castilla|Wanderer, your footsteps are the road, and nothing more; wanderer, there is no road, the road is made by walking. By walking one makes the road, and upon glancing behind one sees the path that never will be trod again. Wanderer, there is no road-- Only wakes upon the sea.Caminante, son tus huellas el camino, y nada más; caminante, no hay camino, se hace camino al andar. Al andar se hace camino, y al volver la vista atrás se ve la senda que nunca se ha de volver a pisar. Caminante, no hay camino, sino estelas en la mar.
Christopher McCandless|Two years he walks the earth. No phone, no pool, no pets, no cigarettes. Ultimate freedom. An extremist. An aesthetic voyager whose home is the road. Escaped from Atlanta. Thou shalt not return, 'cause "the West is the best." And now after two rambling years comes the final and greatest adventure. The climactic battle to kill the false being within and victoriously conclude the spiritual pilgrimage. Ten days and nights of freight trains and hitchhiking bring him to the Great White North. No longer to be poisoned by civilization he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become lost in the wild.--Alexander Supertramp, May 1992
John F. Kennedy|A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death.
Holstee Manifesto, The Wedding Day|This is your life. Do what you want and do it often. If you don't like something, change it. If you don't like your job, quit.If you don't have enough time, stop watching TV.If you are looking for the love of your life, stop; they will be waiting for you when you start doing things you love.Stop over-analysing, life is simple.All emotions are beautiful.When you eat, appreciate every last bite.Life is simple.Open your heart, mind and arms to new things and people, we are united in our differences.Ask the next person you see what their passion is and share your inspiring dream with them.Travel often; getting lost will help you find yourself.Some opportunities only come once, seize them.Life is about the people you meet and the things you create with them, so go out and start creating.Life is short, live your dream and wear your passion.
Joyce Kilmer, Trees & Other Poems|I think that I shall never seeA poem lovely as a tree.A tree whose hungry mouth is pressedAgainst the earth's sweet flowing breast;A tree that looks at God all dayAnd lifts her leafy arms to pray;A tree that may in summer wearA nest of robins in her hair;Upon whose bosom snow has lain;Who intimately lives with rain.Poems are made by fools like me,But only God can make a tree.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|But we never get back our youth… The pulse of joy that beats in us at twenty becomes sluggish. Our limbs fail, our senses rot. We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to.
Mahatma Gandhi|Prayer is not an old woman's idle amusement. Properly understood and applied, it is the most potent instrument of action.
John Newton, Amazing Grace|Although my memory's fading, I remember two things very clearly: I am a great sinner and Christ is a great Savior.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Let us pick up our books and our pens, they are the most powerful weapons.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|After all, you can't truly be happy if you've never known pain. You can't truly feel joy if you've never felt heartbreak. You can't know what it's like to be filled unless you've been empty.
Gordon B. Hinckley|How sweet is the assurance, how comforting is the peace that come from the knowledge that if we marry right and live right, our relationship will continue, notwithstanding the certainty of death and the passage of time. Men may write love songs and sing them. They may yearn and hope and dream. But all of this will be only a romantic longing unless there is an exercise of authority that transcends the powers of time and death.
Robert M. Drake|Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Queen of Attolia|If I am the pawn of the gods, it is because they know me so well, not because they make my mind up for me.
John Newton|I am not what I ought to be, I am not what I want to be, I am not what I hope to be in another world; but still I am not what I once used to be, and by the grace of God I am what I am
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul.
Thomas Henry Huxley, Life and Letters of Thomas Henry Huxley - Volume 1|Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing. I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this.
Ram Dass|The most exquisite paradox… as soon as you give it all up, you can have it all. As long as you want power, you can't have it. The minute you don't want power, you'll have more than you ever dreamed possible.
Norman Vincent Peale|Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind. Talk health, happiness, and prosperity to every person you meet. Make all your friends feel there is something special in them. Look at the sunny side of everything. Think only the best, be as enthusiastic about the success of others as you are about your own.Forget the mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. Give everyone a smile. Spend so much time improving yourself that you have no time left to criticize others. Be too big for worry and too noble for anger.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Your complaints, your drama, your victim mentality, your whining, your blaming, and all of your excuses have NEVER gotten you even a single step closer to your goals or dreams. Let go of your nonsense. Let go of the delusion that you DESERVE better and go EARN it! Today is a new day!
Nick Vujicic|Life isn't about having, it's about being. You could surround yourself with all that money can buy, and you'd still be as miserable as a human can be. I know people with perfect bodies who don't have half the happiness I've found. On my journeys I've seen more joy in the slums of Mumbai and the orphanages of Africa than in wealthy gated communities and on sprawling estates worth millions. Why is that? You'll find contentment when your talents and passion are completely engaged, in full force. Recognise instant self-gratification for what it is. Resist the temptation to grab for material objects like the perfect house, the coolest clothes or the hottest car. The if I just had X, I would be happy syndrome is a mass delusion. When you look for happiness in mere objects, they are never enough. Look around. Look within.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power," Tuek said. "You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick.
Kahlil Gibran|Your children are not your children. They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself... You may house their bodies but not their souls, for their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Action springs not from thought, but from a readiness for responsibility.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Maybe you think you’ll be entitled to more happiness later by forgoing all of it now, but it doesn’t work that way. Happiness takes as much practice as unhappiness does. It’s by living that you live more. By waiting you wait more. Every waiting day makes your life a little less. Every lonely day makes you a little smaller. Every day you put off your life makes you less capable of living it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I wonder,” he said, “whether the stars are set alight in heaven so that one day each one of us may find his own again...
John C. Maxwell|Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The truth was a mirror in the hands of God. It fell, and broke into pieces. Everybody took a piece of it, and they looked at it and thought they had the truth.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|I am so, so alive.
Brigham Young|He who takes offense when no offense is intended is a fool, and he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool.
Sharon Stone|Women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entire relationship.
Michael J. Fox|My happiness grows in direct proportion to my acceptance, and in inverse proportion to my expectations.
Kerry E. Wagner|you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
Leo Buscaglia|There are scores of people waiting for someone just like us to come along; people who will appreciate our compassion, our encouragement, who will need our unique talents. Someone who will live a happier life merely because we took the time to share what we had to give.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|A Nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but it's lowest ones
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|The mistake ninety-nine percent of humanity made, as far as Fats could see, was being ashamed of what they were; lying about it, trying to be somebody else.
William Faulkner|The aim of every artist is to arrest motion, which is life, by artificial means and hold it fixed so that a hundred years later, when a stranger looks at it, it moves again since it is life.
Bertrand Russell|Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. These passions, like great winds, have blown me hither and thither, in a wayward course, over a great ocean of anguish, reaching to the very verge of despair. I have sought love, first, because it brings ecstasy - ecstasy so great that I would often have sacrificed all the rest of life for a few hours of this joy. I have sought it, next, because it relieves loneliness--that terrible loneliness in which one shivering consciousness looks over the rim of the world into the cold unfathomable lifeless abyss. I have sought it finally, because in the union of love I have seen, in a mystic miniature, the prefiguring vision of the heaven that saints and poets have imagined. This is what I sought, and though it might seem too good for human life, this is what--at last--I have found.With equal passion I have sought knowledge. I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux. A little of this, but not much, I have achieved. Love and knowledge, so far as they were possible, led upward toward the heavens. But always pity brought me back to earth. Echoes of cries of pain reverberate in my heart. Children in famine, victims tortured by oppressors, helpless old people a burden to their sons, and the whole world of loneliness, poverty, and pain make a mockery of what human life should be. I long to alleviate this evil, but I cannot, and I too suffer. This has been my life. I have found it worth living, and would gladly live it again if the chance were offered me.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|The best discoveries always happened to the people who weren't looking for it. Columbus and America. Pinzon, who stumbled on Brazil while looking for the West Indies. Stanley happening on Victoria Falls. And you. Amy Curry, when I was least expecting her.-Roger Sullivan
Maimonides, The Guide for the Perplexed|Truth does not become more true by virtue of the fact that the entire world agrees with it, nor less so even if the whole world disagrees with it.
Demi Lovato|Skies are crying,I am watching,Catching teardrops in my hands.Only silence, as it's ending,Like we never had a chance.Do you have to make me feelLike there's nothing left of me?
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|To write is human, to edit is divine.
John Quincy Adams|Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
C. JoyBell C.|Politeness is okay, but it gets old and boring. You want to attack life with a passion, not a politeness, you want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so passionate" you don't want people to think about you and remember you and say "she is so polite," because, who cares about polite?
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|If people reach perfection they vanish, you know.
Paulo Coelho|Try to find pleasure in the speed that you're not used to. Changing the way you do routine things allows a new person to grow inside of you. But when all is said and done, you're the one who must decide how you handle it.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|I was never more hated than when I tried to be honest. Or when, even as just now I've tried to articulate exactly what I felt to be the truth. No one was satisfied
Lady Gaga|Ignore all hatred and criticism. Live for what you create, and die protecting it.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|All the time you're saying to yourself, 'I could do that, but I won't,' — which is just another way of saying that you can't.
John Eldredge|The culture of women in the church today is crippled by some very pervasive lies. "To be spiritual is to be busy. To be spiritual is to be disciplined. To be spiritual is to be dutiful." No, to be spiritual is to be in Romance with God. The desire to be romanced lies deep in the heart of every women. It is for such that you were made. Are you ARE romanced, and ever will be.
Simone Elkeles, Leaving Paradise|Sometimes you have to steer away from the crowd in order to be a better person. It's not always easy, that's for sure. But it's right. And sometimes doing the right thing feels good, even if it does end up in a trip to the principal's office.
Karl Marx|Go on, get out! Last words are for fools who haven't said enough!
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|When people see some things as beautiful,other things become ugly.When people see some things as good,other things become bad.
Lana Del Rey|Who belonged to no one, who belonged to everyone.Who had nothing, who wanted everything.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|Try to remember it always," he said once Gogol had reached him, leading him slowly back across the breakwater, to where his mother and Sonia stood waiting. "Remember that you and I made this journey together to a place where there was nowhere left to go.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|I ask of you your lives,” Elend said, voice echoing, “and your courage. I ask of you your faith, and your honor—your strength, and your compassion. For today, I lead you to die. I will not ask you to welcome this event. I will not insult you by calling it well, or just, or even glorious. But I will say this.“Each moment you fight is a gift to those in this cavern. Each second we fight is a second longer that thousands of people can draw breath. Each stroke of the sword, each koloss felled, each breath earned is a victory! It is a person protected for a moment longer, a life extended, an enemy frustrated!”There was a brief pause. us!
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Ignited Minds: Unleashing the Power Within India|For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.
Walt Disney Company|To all that come to this happy place, welcome. Disneyland is your land. Here age relives fond memories of the past, and here youth may savor the challenge and promise of the future. Disneyland is dedicated to the ideals, the dreams, and the hard facts that have created America... with hope that it will be a source of joy and inspiration to all the world.
Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider|If you care about what you do and work hard at it, there isn't anything you can't do if you want to.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|That which we persist in doing becomes easier to do, not that the nature of the thing has changed but that our power to do has increased.
Dr. Seuss|If you want to catch beasts you don't see every day,You have to go places quite out of the way,You have to go places no others can get to.You have to get cold and you have too get wet, too.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|By declaring that man is responsible and must actualize the potential meaning of his life, I wish to stress that the true meaning of life is to be discovered in the world rather than within man or his own psyche, as though it were a closed system. I have termed this constitutive characteristic "the self-transcendence of human existence." It denotes the fact that being human always points, and is directed, to something or someone, other than oneself--be it a meaning to fulfill or another human being to encounter. The more one forgets himself--by giving himself to a cause to serve or another person to love--the more human he is and the more he actualizes himself. What is called self-actualization is not an attainable aim at all, for the simple reason that the more one would strive for it, the more he would miss it. In other words, self-actualization is possible only as a side-effect of self-transcendence.
Emery Allen|Not everything is supposed to become something beautiful and long-lasting. Sometimes people come into your life to show you what is right and what is wrong, to show you who you can be, to teach you to love yourself, to make you feel better for a little while, or to just be someone to walk with at night and spill your life to. Not everyone is going to stay forever, and we still have to keep on going and thank them for what they’ve given us.
Winston S. Churchill|However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul II|And so I wait. I wait for time to heal the pain and raise me to me feet once again - so that I can start a new path, my own path, the one that will make me whole again.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Some people try to tell you the things you want in life are out of your grasp, while others lift you up on their shoulders and help you reach them. I may not know a lot, but I prefer to fill my life with people who let me climb on top of their shoulders, not people who try to keep me planted on the ground.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. Live your truth and don't EVER stop!
Herodotus, The Histories|He asked, 'Croesus, who told you to attack my land and meet me as an enemy instead of a friend?'The King replied, 'It was caused by your good fate and my bad fate. It was the fault of the Greek gods, who with their arrogance, encouraged me to march onto your lands. Nobody is mad enough to choose war whilst there is peace. During times of peace, the sons bury their fathers, but in war it is the fathers who send their sons to the grave.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|When things go wrong, you'll find they usually go on getting worse for some time; but when things once start going right they often go on getting better and better.
Stephen King|And people who don’t dream, who don’t have any kind of imaginative life, they must… they must go nuts. I can’t imagine that.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Look not mournfully into the past, it comes not back again. Wisely improve the present, it is thine. Go forth to meet the shadowy future without fear and with a manly heart.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|Even if you don't have all the things you want, be grateful for the things you don't have that you don't want (Bob Dylan's dad)
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|And by and by Christopher Robin came to the end of things, and he was silent, and he sat there, looking out over the world, just wishing it wouldn't stop.
Charles Bukowski|The nights you fight best arewhen all the weapons are pointed at you,when all the voices hurl their insultswhile the dream is being strangled.The nights you fight best arewhen reason gets kicked in the gut,when the chariots of gloom encircle you.The nights you fight best arewhen the laughter of fools fills the air,when the kiss of death is mistaken for love.The nights you fight best arewhen the game is fixed,when the crowd screams for your blood.The nights you fight best areon a night like thisas you chase a thousand dark rats from your brain,as you rise up against the impossible,as you become a brother to the tender sister of joyand move on regardless.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|I realized it for the first time in my life: there is nothing but mystery in the world, how it hides behind the fabric of our poor, browbeat days, shining brightly, and we don't even know it.
Demi Lovato|Do you have to make me feel like there's nothing left of me? You can take everything I have, you can break everything I am, like I am made of glass, like I am made of paper.Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground like a Skyscraper...
Winston S. Churchill|You ask, what is our aim? I can answer in one word. It is victory, victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory, however long and hard the road may be; for without victory, there is no survival.
RuPaul|If you don't love yourself, how in the hell you gonna love somebody else?
Nicholas Sparks, Three Weeks With My Brother|When you chase a dream, you learn about yourself. You learn your capabilities and limitations, and the value of hard work and persistence.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does this not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we’ve learned as we’ve moved toward that dream. That’s the point at which most people give up. It’s the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one 'dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.
One Direction|You don't know, oh, ohYou don't know you're beautiful.
John C. Maxwell, Be a People Person|if you don't have peace, it isn't because someone took it from you; you gave it away. You cannot always control what happens to you, but you can control what happens in you.
Hiromu Arakawa|Stand up and walk. Move on. After all, you have perfect legs to stand on.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.
Yehuda Bauer|Thou shalt not be a victim, thou shalt not be a perpetrator, but, above all, thou shalt not be a bystander.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|that as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive.
Richard Bach|Argue for your limitations and, sure enough, they're yours.
Sophocles, Antigone|A man, though wise, should never be ashamed of learning more, and must unbend his mind.
Zoë Marriott, Shadows on the Moon|People trust their eyes above all else - but most people see what they wish to see, or what they believe they should see; not what is really there
Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything|The future was one thing that could never be broken, because it had not yet had the chance to be anything.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|Let us try to teach generosity and altruism, because we are born selfish. Let us understand what our own selfish genes are up to, because we may then at least have the chance to upset their designs, something that no other species has ever aspired to do.
C.S. Lewis, Miracles|Miracles do not, in fact, break the laws of nature.
David Sheff, Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction|In his suicide note, Kurt Cobain wrote, "It's better to burn out than to fade away." He was quoting a Neil Young song about Johnny Rotten of the Sex Pistols. When I was twenty-four, I interviewed John Lennon. I asked him about this sentiment, one that pervades rock and roll. He took strong, outraged exception to it. "It's better to fade away like an old soldier than to burn out, " he said. "I worship people who survive. I'll take the living and the healthy.
Sanaya Roman, Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation|Truly powerful people have great humility. They do not try to impress, they do not try to be influential. They simply are. People are magnetically drawn to them. They are most often very silent and focused, aware of their core selves. ... They never persuade, nor do they use manipulation or aggressiveness to get their way. They listen. If there is anything they can offer to assist you, they offer it; if not, they are silent.
John Lennon|Life is very short, and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friends
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|In the external scheme of things, shining moments are as brief as the twinkling of an eye, yet such twinklings are what eternity is made of -- moments when we human beings can say "I love you," "I'm proud of you," "I forgive you," "I'm grateful for you." That's what eternity is made of: invisible imperishable good stuff.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|she was glad she had been scarred. She said that whoever loved her now would love her true self, and not her pretty face.
John C. Maxwell|Talent is a gift, but character is a choice.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|LAW 38Think As You Like But Behave Like OthersIf you make a show of going against the times, flaunting your unconventional ideas and unorthodox ways, people will think that you only want attention and that you look down upon them. They will find a way to punish you for making them feel inferior. It is far safer to blend in and nurture the common touch. Share your originality only with tolerant friends and those who are sure to appreciate your uniqueness.
Philip Pullman|I am a strong believer in the tyranny, the dictatorship, the absolute authority of the writer.
Carl Sagan|If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.
Patrick Rothfuss|No man is brave that has never walked a hundred miles. If you want to know the truth of who you are, walk until not a person knows your name. Travel is the great leveler, the great teacher, bitter as medicine, crueler than mirror-glass. A long stretch of road will teach you more about yourself than a hundred years of quiet.
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|Most lives are not distinguished by great achievements. They are measured by an infinite number of small ones. Each time you do a kindness for someone or bring a smile to his face, it gives your life meaning. Never doubt your value, little friend. The world would be a dismal place without you in it. (tweaked version of a passage from Scandal in Spring)
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|Ends are for yesterday, not tomorrows.
Norman Vincent Peale|What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve.
John Stuart Mill, Principles of Political Economy|War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things: the decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth a war, is much worse. When a people are used as mere human instruments for firing cannon or thrusting bayonets, in the service and for the selfish purposes of a master, such war degrades a people. A war to protect other human beings against tyrannical injustice; a war to give victory to their own ideas of right and good, and which is their own war, carried on for an honest purpose by their free choice, — is often the means of their regeneration. A man who has nothing which he is willing to fight for, nothing which he cares more about than he does about his personal safety, is a miserable creature who has no chance of being free, unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself. As long as justice and injustice have not terminated their ever-renewing fight for ascendancy in the affairs of mankind, human beings must be willing, when need is, to do battle for the one against the other.
Walt Whitman|Argue not concerning God,…re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul…
Harry Truman|I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.
Justin Bieber|I wrote the song 'Down to Earth' a few years ago, and i was really excited to record it for My World album. It's a huge fan favourite. So many people feel where i'm coming from. It doesn't need any spectacular stage effects in the touring show; the best thing i can do is just sing it straight from my heart. I'm not afraid to show my emotions; if you love someone, you should tell them. If you think a girl is beautiful, you should say that. Usher says some songs work best when there's a sob in the singer's voice. You gotta let that deep feeling come through. And that's how i felt about this song. Sometimes the emotion of it is enough to bring tears to my eyes.
Neil Strauss, The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists|In life, people tend to wait for good things to come to them. And by waiting, they miss out. Usually, what you wish for doesn't fall in your lap; it falls somewhere nearby, and you have to recognize it, stand up, and put in the time and work it takes to get to it. This isn't because the universe is cruel. It's because the universe is smart. It has its own cat-string theory and knows we don't appreciate things that fall into our laps.
Robert M. Drake|Somewhere along the way we all go a bit mad. So burn, let go and dive into the horror, because maybe it’s the chaos which helps us find where we belong.
Demi Lovato|As the smoke clears,I awaken,And untangle you from me.Would it make you feel betterTo watch me, while I bleed?All my windows still are broken,But I'm standing on my feet.
Rick Riordan|Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|There, peeping among the cloud-wrack above a dark tor high up in the mountains, Sam saw a white star twinkle for a while. The beauty of it smote his heart, as he looked up out of the forsaken land, and hope returned to him. For like a shaft, clear and cold, the thought pierced him that in the end the Shadow was only a small and passing thing: there was light and high beauty for ever beyond its reach.
Thomas S. Monson|Our opportunities to give of ourselves are indeed limitless, but they are also perishable. There are hearts to gladden. There are kind words to say. There are gifts to be given. There are deeds to be done. There are souls to be saved.As we remember that “when ye are in the service of your fellow beings ye are only in the service of your God,” (Mosiah 2:17) we will not find ourselves in the unenviable position of Jacob Marley’s ghost, who spoke to Ebenezer Scrooge in Charles Dickens’s immortal "Christmas Carol." Marley spoke sadly of opportunities lost. Said he: 'Not to know that any Christian spirit working kindly in its little sphere, whatever it may be, will find its mortal life too short for its vast means of usefulness. Not to know that no space of regret can make amends for one life’s opportunity misused! Yet such was I! Oh! such was I!'Marley added: 'Why did I walk through crowds of fellow-beings with my eyes turned down, and never raise them to that blessed Star which led the Wise Men to a poor abode? Were there no poor homes to which its light would have conducted me!'Fortunately, as we know, Ebenezer Scrooge changed his life for the better. I love his line, 'I am not the man I was.'Why is Dickens’ "Christmas Carol" so popular? Why is it ever new? I personally feel it is inspired of God. It brings out the best within human nature. It gives hope. It motivates change. We can turn from the paths which would lead us down and, with a song in our hearts, follow a star and walk toward the light. We can quicken our step, bolster our courage, and bask in the sunlight of truth. We can hear more clearly the laughter of little children. We can dry the tear of the weeping. We can comfort the dying by sharing the promise of eternal life. If we lift one weary hand which hangs down, if we bring peace to one struggling soul, if we give as did the Master, we can—by showing the way—become a guiding star for some lost mariner.
Junot Díaz|In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Hush, Don't Say Anything to God: Passionate Poems of Rumi|You think of yourselfas a citizen of the universe.You think you belong to this world of dust and matter.Out of this dustyou have created a personal image,and have forgottenabout the essence of your true origin
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.
Robert Jordan, Lord of Chaos|One more dance along the razor's edge finished. Almost dead yesterday, maybe dead tomorrow, but alive, gloriously alive, today.
Kahlil Gibran|Work is love made visible. And if you can't work with love, but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of the people who work with joy
Francis of Assisi|We have been called to heal wounds, to unite what has fallen apart, and to bring home those who have lost their way.
Douglas Adams|Can't stand all these poisonous creatures, all these snakes and insects and fish and things. Wretched things, biting everybody. And then people expect me to tell them what to do about it. I'll tell them what to do. Don't get bitten in the first place. (quoting Dr. Struan Sutherland)
Neale Donald Walsch|Do not waste the precious moments of this, your present reality, seeking to unveil all of life's secrets. Those secrets are a secret for a reason. Grant your God the benefit of the doubt. Use your NOW moment for the Highest Purpose- the creation and the expression of WHO YOU REALLY ARE. Decide who you are- who you want to be-and then do everything in your power to be that.It is not nearly so important how well a message is received as how well it is sent. You cannot take responsibility for how well another accepts your truth; you can only ensure how well it is communicated. And by how well, I don't mean merely how clearly; I mean how lovingly, how compassionately, how sensitively, how courageously, and how completely.If you think your life is about DOINGNESS, you do not understand what you are about. Your soul doesn't care what you do for a living-and when your life is over, neither will you. Your soul cares only about what you're BEING while you're doing whatever you're doing. It is a state of BEINGNESS the soul is after, not a state of doingness.
Anthony Horowitz, Stormbreaker|Believe me, It would be better if we didn't meet again. Go back to school. Go back to your life. And next time they ask you, say no. Killing is for grown-ups and you're still a child.
Juan Ramón Jiménez|If they give you ruled paper, write the other way.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude
Hugo Hamilton, The Speckled People: A Memoir of a Half-Irish Childhood|Maybe your country is only a place you make up in your own mind. Something you dream about and sing about. Maybe it's not a place on the map at all, but just a story full of people you meet and places you visit, full of books and films you've been to. I'm not afraid of being homesick and having no language to live in. I don't have to be like anyone else. I'm walking on the wall and nobody can stop me.
Tom Hiddleston|I gave myself permission to care, because there are a lot of people in this world who are afraid of caring, who are afraid of showing they care because it’s uncool. It’s uncool to have passion. It’s so much easier to lose when you’ve shown everyone how much you don’t care if you win or lose. It’s much harder to lose when you show that you care, but you’ll never win unless you also stand to lose. I’ve said it before. Don’t be afraid of your passion, give it free reign, and be honest and work hard and it will all turn out just fine.
Nora Roberts, Morrigan's Cross|know what you want, work to get it, then value it once you have it.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|It’s not over if you’re still here,” Chronicler said. “It’s not a tragedy if you’re still alive.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|Life is going to give you just what you put in it. Put your whole heart in everything you do, and pray, then you can wait.
Ronald Reagan|Status quo, you know, is Latin for 'the mess we're in'.
Will Smith|Don't chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing and work hard. The right people - the ones who really belong in your life - will come to your. And stay.
Vance Havner|God uses broken things. It takes broken soil to produce a crop, broken clouds to give rain, broken grain to give bread, broken bread to give strength. It is the broken alabaster box that gives forth perfume. It is Peter, weeping bitterly, who returns to greater power than ever.
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|Avoid loud and aggressive persons,they are vexations to the spirit.
Helen Keller|I believe that God is in me as the sun is in the colour and fragrance of a flower - the Light in my darkness, the Voice in my silence.
C. JoyBell C.|Do not yearn to be popular; be exquisite. Do not desire to be famous; be loved. Do not take pride in being expected; be palpable, unmistakable.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Go out in the woods, go out. If you don't go out in the woods nothing will ever happen and your life will never begin.
Shannon L. Alder|Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul like you.
Kahlil Gibran|Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also
Earl Nightingale|How are you coming with your home library? Do you need some good ammunition on why it's so important to read? The last time I checked the statistics...I think they indicated that only four percent of the adults in this country have bought a book within the past year. That's dangerous. It's extremely important that we keep ourselves in the top five or six percent. 	In one of the Monthly Letters from the Royal Bank of Canada it was pointed out that reading good books is not something to be indulged in as a luxury. It is a necessity for anyone who intends to give his life and work a touch of quality. The most real wealth is not what we put into our piggy banks but what we develop in our heads. Books instruct us without anger, threats and harsh discipline. They do not sneer at our ignorance or grumble at our mistakes. They ask only that we spend some time in the company of greatness so that we may absorb some of its attributes.You do not read a book for the book's sake, but for your own.You may read because in your high-pressure life, studded with problems and emergencies, you need periods of relief and yet recognize that peace of mind does not mean numbness of mind.You may read because you never had an opportunity to go to college, and books give you a chance to get something you missed. You may read because your job is routine, and books give you a feeling of depth in life.You may read because you did go to college.You may read because you see social, economic and philosophical problems which need solution, and you believe that the best thinking of all past ages may be useful in your age, too.You may read because you are tired of the shallowness of contemporary life, bored by the current conversational commonplaces, and wearied of shop talk and gossip about people.Whatever your dominant personal reason, you will find that reading gives knowledge, creative power, satisfaction and relaxation. It cultivates your mind by calling its faculties into exercise.Books are a source of pleasure - the purest and the most lasting. They enhance your sensation of the interestingness of life. Reading them is not a violent pleasure like the gross enjoyment of an uncultivated mind, but a subtle delight.Reading dispels prejudices which hem our minds within narrow spaces. One of the things that will surprise you as you read good books from all over the world and from all times of man is that human nature is much the same today as it has been ever since writing began to tell us about it.Some people act as if it were demeaning to their manhood to wish to be well-read but you can no more be a healthy person mentally without reading substantial books than you can be a vigorous person physically without eating solid food. Books should be chosen, not for their freedom from evil, but for their possession of good. Dr. Johnson said: "Whilst you stand deliberating which book your son shall read first, another boy has read both.
Elie Wiesel|If the only prayer you say throughout your life is "Thank You," then that will be enough.
Jeanette Winterson|They say that every snowflake is different. If that were true, how could the world go on? How could we ever get up off our knees? How could we ever recover from the wonder of it?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Tempter's Snare|Don't ever give up. Don't ever give in. Don't ever stop trying. Don't ever sell out. And if you find yourself succumbing to one of the above for a brief moment, pick yourself up, brush yourself off, whisper a prayer, and start where you left off.But never, ever, ever give up.
Virginia Satir|I am Me. In all the world, there is no one else exactly like me. Everything that comes out of me is authentically mine, because I alone chose it -- I own everything about me: my body, my feelings, my mouth, my voice, all my actions, whether they be to others or myself. I own my fantasies, my dreams, my hopes, my fears. I own my triumphs and successes, all my failures and mistakes. Because I own all of me, I can become intimately acquainted with me. By so doing, I can love me and be friendly with all my parts. I know there are aspects about myself that puzzle me, and other aspects that I do not know -- but as long as I am friendly and loving to myself, I can courageously and hopefully look for solutions to the puzzles and ways to find out more about me. However I look and sound, whatever I say and do, and whatever I think and feel at a given moment in time is authentically me. If later some parts of how I looked, sounded, thought, and felt turn out to be unfitting, I can discard that which is unfitting, keep the rest, and invent something new for that which I discarded. I can see, hear, feel, think, say, and do. I have the tools to survive, to be close to others, to be productive, and to make sense and order out of the world of people and things outside of me. I own me, and therefore, I can engineer me. I am me, and I am Okay.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.
George Bernard Shaw|A photographer is like a cod, which produces a million eggs in order that one may reach maturity.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A young outcast will often feel that there is something wrong with himself, but as he gets older, grows more confident in who he is, he will adapt, he will begin to feel that there is something wrong with everyone else.
Maria Robinson|Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Peace is present right here and now, in ourselves and in everything we do and see. Every breath we take, every step we take, can be filled with peace, joy, and serenity. The question is whether or not we are in touch with it. We need only to be awake, alive in the present moment.
Virgil|Death twitches my ear;'Live,' he says... 'I'm coming.
Jean-Paul Sartre|There is only one day left, always starting over: It is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk.
Swami Vivekananda|Anything that makes weak - physically, intellectually and spiritually, reject it as poison.
Omar Khayyám|Dead yesterdays and unborn tomorrows, why fret about it, if today be sweet.
Gordon B. Hinckley|You are doing the best you can, and that best results in good to yourself and to others. Do not nag yourself with a sense of failure. Get on your knees and ask for the blessings of the Lord;then stand on your feet and do what you are asked to do.
Terry Goodkind, Stone of Tears|We all can be only who we are, no more, no less.
Colleen Houck|To have regret is to be disappointed with yourself and your choices. Those who are wise, see their life like stepping stones across a great river. Everyone misses a stone from time to time. No one can cross the river without getting wet. Success is measured by your arrival on the other side, not on how muddy your shoes are. Regrets are only felt by those who do not understand life’s purpose. They become so disillusioned that they stand still in the river and do not take the next leap.
Robert Bloch|Despite my ghoulish reputation, I really have the heart of a small boy. I keep it in a jar on my desk.
Ronald Reagan|I know in my heart that man is good, that what is right will always eventually triumph, and there is purpose and worth to each and every life.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I am not worried, Harry," said Dumbledore, his voice a little stronger despite the freezing water. "I am with you.
Dom Hubert Van Zeller|What the soul hardly realizes is that, unbeliever or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.
William James, The Will to Believe and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy|Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
Dalai Lama XIV|To be kind, honest and have positive thoughts; to forgive those who harm us and treat everyone as a friend; to help those who are suffering and never to consider ourselves superior to anyone else: even if this advice seems rather simplistic, make the effort of seeing whether by following it you can find greater happiness.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|I'd heard of Evergreen Care Center before. Cass and I had always made fun of the stupid ads they ran on TV, featuring some dragged-out woman with a limp perm and big, painted-on circles under her eyes, downing vodka and sobbing uncontrollably. "We can't heal you at Evergreen", the very somber voiceover said. "But we can help you to heal yourself." It had become our own running joke, applicable to almost anything. "Hey Cass, "I'd say, "hand me that toothpaste." "Caitlin," she'd say, her voice dark and serious. "I can't hand you the toothpaste. But I CAN help you hand the toothpaste to yourself.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|The road to enlightenment is long and difficult, and you should try not to forget snacks and magazines.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|For, after all, every one who wishes to gain true knowledge must climb the Hill Difficulty alone, and since there is no royal road to the summit, I must zigzag it in my own way. I slip back many times, I fall, I stand still, I run against the edge of hidden obstacles, I lose my temper and find it again and keep it better, I trudge on, I gain a little, I feel encouraged, I get more eager and climb higher and begin to see the widening horizon. Every struggle is a victory. One more effort and I reach the luminous cloud, the blue depths of the sky, the uplands of my desire.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|Pet names are a persistant remnant of childhood, a reminder that life is not always so serious, so formal, so complicated. They are a reminder, too, that one is not all things to all people.
Neil Gaiman|Read. Read anything. Read the things they say are good for you, and the things they claim are junk. You'll find what you need to find. Just read.
Swami Vivekananda|They alone live, who live for others.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|These people fail to realize that it is on the inside that God must be defended, not on the outside. They should direct their anger at themselves. For evil in the open is but evil from within that has been let out. The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|I give myself a good cry if I need it. But then I concentrate on the good things still in my life. I don't allow myself any more self-pity than that. A little each every morning, a few tears, and that's all.
Leo Rosten|The purpose of life is not to be happy—but to matter, to be productive, to be useful, to have it make some difference that you lived at all.
Albert Einstein|Although I am a typical loner in my daily life, my awareness of belonging to the invisible community of those who strive for truth, beauty, and justice has prevented me from feelings of isolation.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Greek Interpreter|My dear Watson," said [Sherlock Holmes], "I cannot agree with those who rank modesty among the virtues. To the logician all things should be seen exactly as they are, and to underestimate one's self is as much a departure from truth as to exaggerate one's own powers.
Les Brown|you don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.
Patañjali, The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali|Undisturbed calmness of mind is attained by cultivating friendliness toward the happy, compassion for the unhappy, delight in the virtuous, and indifference toward the wicked.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|It is the useless things that make life worth living and that make life dangerous too: wine, love, art, beauty. Without them life is safe, but not worth bothering with.
Mahatma Gandhi|There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy|Friends can make you feel that the world is smaller and less sneaky than it really is, because you know people who have similar experiences.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a courtroom, be he any color of the rainbow, but people have a way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box. As you grow older, you'll see white men cheat black men every day of your life, but let me tell you something and don't you forget it - whenever a white man does that to a black man, no matter who he is, how rich he is, or how fine a family he comes from, that white man is trash.
Jane Austen, Pride And Prejudice|Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|In the deepest hour of the night, confess to yourself that you would die if you were forbidden to write. And look deep into your heart where it spreads its roots, the answer, and ask yourself, must I write?
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|Make every effort to change things you do not like. If you cannot make a change, change the way you have been thinking. You might find a new solution.
Kazuo Ishiguro|It had never occurred to me that our lives, which had been so closely interwoven, could unravel with such speed.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|If we don't change the direction we are headed, we will end up where we are going.
Adam Young|I am fallen, flawed and imperfect. Yet drenched in the grace and mercy that is found in Jesus Christ, there is strength
Sidney Sheldon|Libraries store the energy that fuels the imagination. They open up windows to the world and inspire us to explore and achieve, and contribute to improving our quality of life. Libraries change lives for the better.
Oswald Chambers|We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.
Robert Macfarlane, Mountains of the Mind: A History of a Fascination|Those who travel to mountain-tops are half in love with themselves, and half in love with oblivion.
David Almond|Books. They are lined up on shelves or stacked on a table. There they are wrapped up in their jackets, lines of neat print on nicely bound pages. They look like such orderly, static things. Then you, the reader come along. You open the book jacket, and it can be like opening the gates to an unknown city, or opening the lid of a treasure chest. You read the first word and you're off on a journey of exploration and discovery.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.
Donald Van de Mark, The Good Among the Great: 19 Traits of the Most Admirable, Creative, and Joyous People|Not only is there often a right and wrong, but what goes around does come around, Karma exists, chickens do come home to roost, and as my mother, Phyllis, liked to say, “There is always a day of reckoning.” The good among the great understand that every choice we make adds to the strength or weakness of our spirits—ourselves, or to use an old fashioned word for the same idea, our souls. That is every human’s life work: to construct an identity bit by bit, to walk a path step by step, to live a life that is worthy of something higher, lighter, more fulfilling, and maybe even everlasting.
Kate Forsyth, The Witches of Eileanan|May my heart be kind, my mind fierce, and my spirit brave.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|And I think that's what our world is desperately in need of - lovers, people who are building deep, genuine relationships with fellow strugglers along the way, and who actually know the faces of the people behind the issues they are concerned about.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|It’s funny. I met a man once who did a lot of mountain climbing. I asked him which was harder, ascending or descending? He said without a doubt descending, because ascending you were so focused on reaching the top, you avoided mistakes.The backside of a mountain is a fight against human nature,” he said. “You have to care as much about yourself on the way down as you did on the way up.
Steven Erikson, Memories of Ice|We humans do not understand compassion. In each moment of our lives, we betray it. Aye, we know of its worth, yet in knowing we then attach to it a value, we guard the giving of it, believing it must be earned, T’lan Imass. Compassion is priceless in the truest sense of the wold. It must be given freely. In abundance.
Jordan Belfort, The Wolf of Wall Street|Act as if! Act as if you're a wealthy man, rich already, and then you'll surely become rich. Act as if you have unmatched confidence and then people will surely have confidence in you. Act as if you have unmatched experience and then people will follow your advice. And act as if you are already a tremendous success, and as sure as I stand here today - you will become successful.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|For the world is in a bad state, but everything will become still worse unless each of us does his best.
Benjamin Franklin, Memoirs of the Life and Writings of Benjamin Franklin|Were I a Roman Catholic, perhaps I should on this occasion vow to build a chapel to some saint, but as I am not, if I were to vow at all, it should be to build a light-house.[Letter to his wife, 17 July 1757, after narrowly avoiding a shipwreck; often misquoted as "Lighthouses are more helpful than churches."]
Anne Frank|The question is very understandable, but no one has found a satisfactory answer to it so far. Yes, why do they make still more gigantic planes, still heavier bombs and, at the same time, prefabricated houses for reconstruction? Why should millions be spent daily on the war and yet there's not a penny available for medical services, artists, or for poor people?Why do some people have to starve, while there are surpluses rotting in other parts of the world? Oh, why are people so crazy?
Bruce Lee|The doubters said, "Man can not fly," The doers said, "Maybe, but we'll try," And finally soared In the morning glow While non-believers Watched from below.
Bob Ong|Kung matatakot kang harapin ang totoo at sabihin ang talagang nararamdaman mo dahil baka masaktan ka, isa lang ibig sabihin noon: ipinagkait mo na sa sarili mo ang pagiging masaya at kinarir mo ang magpakatanga.
Virginia Woolf|By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|You have a unique gift to offer this world. Be true to yourself, be kind to yourself, read and learn about everything that interests you and keep away from people who bring you down. When you treat yourself kindly and respect the uniqueness of those around you, you will be giving this world an amazing gift... YOU!
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Let's start a new tomorrow, today.
Elizabeth Gilbert|If I am truly to become an autonomous woman, then I must take over that role of being my own guardian...I not only have to become my own husband, but I need to be my own father, too.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Day after day, day after day,We stuck, nor breath nor motion;As idle as a painted shipUpon a painted ocean.
Geoffrey M. Gluckman|Feel your emotions,Live true your passions,Keep still your mind.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?""In the open sea," he said. "Now shut up and eat your Junior Mints.
Ben Carson|If you hear how wonderful you are often enough, you begin to believe it, no matter how you try to resist it.
C. JoyBell C.|The downfall of the attempts of governments and leaders to unite mankind is found in this- in the wrong message that we should see everyone as the same. This is the root of the failure of harmony. Because the truth is, we should not all see everyone as the same! We are not the same! We are made of different colours and we have different cultures. We are all different! But the key to this door is to look at these differences, respect these differences, learn from and about these differences, and grow in and with these differences. We are all different. We are not the same. But that's beautiful. And that's okay.In the quest for unity and peace, we cannot blind ourselves and expect to be all the same. Because in this, we all have an underlying belief that everyone should be the same as us at some point. We are not on a journey to become the same or to be the same. But we are on a journey to see that in all of our differences, that is what makes us beautiful as a human race, and if we are ever to grow, we ought to learn and always learn some more.
Confucius|The Man who says he can, and the man who says he can not.. Are both correct
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|Why am I compelled to write?... Because the world I create in the writing compensates for what the real world does not give me. By writing I put order in the world, give it a handle so I can grasp it. I write because life does not appease my appetites and anger... To become more intimate with myself and you. To discover myself, to preserve myself, to make myself, to achieve self-autonomy. To dispell the myths that I am a mad prophet or a poor suffering soul. To convince myself that I am worthy and that what I have to say is not a pile of shit... Finally I write because I'm scared of writing, but I'm more scared of not writing.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|Though we tremble before uncertain futuresmay we meet illness, death and adversity with strengthmay we dance in the face of our fears.
Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings|The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemy's cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. It is essential to attain this. If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him.
Terry Eagleton, Why Marx Was Right|After all, if you do not resist the apparently inevitable, you will never know how inevitable the inevitable was.
Abraham Lincoln, The Gettysburg Address|Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Agatha Christie, The Clocks|To every problem, there is a most simple solution.
Anne Frank|If we bear all this suffering and if there are still Jews left, when it is over, then Jews, instead of being doomed, will be held up as an example.
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|Yes, terrible things happen, but sometimes those terrible things- they save you.
Philip Pullman, His Dark Materials|As for what it's against - the story is against those who pervert and misuse religion, or any other kind of doctrine with a holy book and a priesthood and an apparatus of power that wields unchallengeable authority, in order to dominate and suppress human freedoms.
Alan Turing, Computing machinery and intelligence|We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
Corrie ten Boom|When I try, I fail. When I trust, He succeeds.
Amelia Earhart|The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Kahlil Gibran|Do not fear the thorns in your path, for they draw only corrupt blood.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|To me, when someone wrongs you, you both share the burden of that wrongdoing - the pain of it weighs on both of you. Forgiveness, then, means choosing to bear the full weight all by yourself. Caleb's betrayal is something we both carry, and since he did it, all I've wanted is for him to take its weight away from me. I am not sure that I'm capable of shouldering it all myself - not sure that I am strong enough, or good enough.
Robert M. Drake|She was broken, I think it’s because she loved too much and she was always blind to the fact that love too is sometimes broken.
Camille Paglia|We cannot have a world where everyone is a victim. "I'm this way because my father made me this way. I'm this way because my husband made me this way." Yes, we are indeed formed by traumas that happen to us. But then you must take charge, you must take over, you are responsible.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|It is a serious thing to live in a society of possible gods and goddesses, to remember that the dullest most uninteresting person you can talk to may one day be a creature which,if you saw it now, you would be strongly tempted to worship, or else a horror and a corruption such as you now meet, if at all, only in a nightmare. All day long we are, in some degree helping each other to one or the other of these destinations. It is in the light of these overwhelming possibilities, it is with the awe and the circumspection proper to them, that we should conduct all of our dealings with one another, all friendships, all loves, all play, all politics. There are no ordinary people. You have never talked to a mere mortal. Nations, cultures, arts, civilizations - these are mortal, and their life is to ours as the life of a gnat. But it is immortals whom we joke with, work with, marry, snub, and exploit - immortal horrors or everlasting splendors.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|So long as you fight the darkness, you stand in the light.
Ally Carter, Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy|The whole summer lay ahead of us-time to rest, time to wait. And when the future comes-no matter what comes with it-I'll be smarter. I'll be stronger. I'll be ready.
Will Smith|We spend money that we do not have, on things we do not need, to impress people who do not care.
Meister Eckhart|Spirituality is not to be learned by flight from the world, or by running away from things, or by turning solitary and going apart from the world. Rather, we must learn an inner solitude wherever or with whomsoever we may be. We must learn to penetrate things and find God there.
Isabelle Eberhardt, The Nomad: The Diaries of Isabelle Eberhardt|For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Now you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.
Warren Ellis|Dance like you're stamping on a human face forever, love like you've been in a serious car crash that minced the front of your brain, stab like no one can arrest you, and live like there's no such thing as God.
Stephen King|If you don’t have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?
Shannon Hale|What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was.It is like all my life I thought the sky was green.
Daisaku Ikeda, The Human Revolution|A great human revolution in just a single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a nation and, further, can even enable a change in the destiny of all humankind.
Sarah Dessen|When I pictured myself, it was always like just an outline in a colouring book, with the inside not yet completed.
Charlie Chaplin|In the end, everything is a gag.
Yana Toboso|So what? You're another person, so of course you look different. What do you need to be ashamed for?
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|I don't think we get answers to every question. We don't get all the whys. But I think when we look back to the end of our lives, if we do the best we can, and we will see that the things we begged God to take from us, the things we cursed him for, the things that made us turn our backs on him, are the things that were the biggest blessings, the biggest opportunities for growth.
Alex  Harris|We're called to be faithful, to take those first difficult steps--and to leave the results up to God.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|To separate oneself from the burden, the angst, the anguish that we all encounter everyday. To say I am alive, I am wonderful, I am. I am. That is something to aspire to.
Albert Einstein|It occurred to me by intuition, and music was the driving force behind that intuition. My discovery was the result of musical perception.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|And the fox said to the little prince: men have forgotten this truth, but you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed.
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|Indeed, the more we find to love, the more we add to the measure of our hearts.
Max Lucado|God is God. He knows what he is doing. When you can’t trace his hand, trust his heart.
Elie Wiesel|Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must — at that moment — become the center of the universe.
Jason Fried, Rework|What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.
Jonathan Swift|We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Go and get your things,' he said. 'Dreams mean work.
Mark Andrus|I can tell you I love you as many times as you can stand to hear it, but all it does is remind us that love is not enough. Not even close.
Josh Groban|No matter who we are, no matter what our circumstances, our feelings and emotions are universal. And music has always been a great way to make people aware of that connection. It can help you open up a part of yourself and express feelings you didn't know you were feeling. It's risky to let that happen. But it's a risk you have to take-because only then will you find you're not alone.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|You have forgotten the Onewho doesn't care about ownership,who doesn't try to turn a profitfrom every human exchange.
Socrates|The greatest blessing granted to mankind come by way of madness, which is a divine gift.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|God is whispering in your heart, in the whole existence, just tune your ears.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|When God had made The Man, he made him out of stuff that sung all the time and glittered all over. Some angels got jealous and chopped him into millions of pieces, but still he glittered and hummed. So they beat him down to nothing but sparks but each little spark had a shine and a song. So they covered each one over with mud. And the lonesomeness in the sparks make them hunt for one another.
Tom Hiddleston|I am an optimist... I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.
Anaïs Nin|The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison, was the miracle.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|Until you have suffered much in your heart, you cannot learn humility.
Robin S. Sharma, The Leader Who Had No Title: A Modern Fable on Real Success in Business and in Life|Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I am not a victim. No matter what I have been through, I'm still here. I have a history of victory.
Alan Bradley, The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag|If you remember nothing else, remember this: Inspiration from outside one's self is like the heat in an oven. It makes passable Bath buns. But inspiration from within is like a volcano: It changes the face of the world.
Terry Brooks, The Druid of Shannara|We live out our lives as we are meant to live them-with some choice, with some chance, but mostly as a result of the persons we are.
Swami Vivekananda|Strength is Life, Weakness is Death.Expansion is Life, Contraction is Death.Love is Life, Hatred is Death.
Henry David Thoreau|When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
Martin Luther King Jr.|One of the great liabilities of history is that all too many people fail to remain awake through great periods of social change. Every society has its protectors of status quo and its fraternities of the indifferent who are notorious for sleeping through revolutions. Today, our very survival depends on our ability to stay awake, to adjust to new ideas, to remain vigilant and to face the challenge of change.
Hunter S. Thompson|Faster, Faster, until the thrill of speed overcomes the fear of death.
Wil Wheaton, Just a Geek: Unflinchingly honest tales of the search for life, love, and fulfillment beyond the Starship Enterprise|Sometimes we know in our bones what we really need to do, but we're afraid to do it. Taking a chance and stepping beyond the safety of the world we've always known is the only way to grow, though and without risk there is no reward.
C.S. Lewis, The Magician's Nephew|You know me better than you think, you know, and you shall know me better yet.
Jodi Picoult|Love was that way. You could not render it in black or white. It always came down to the strange, blended shades of grey.
Gertrude Stein|You will write if you will write without thinking of the result in terms of a result, but think of the writing in terms of discovery, which is to say that creation must take place between the pen and the paper, not before in a thought or afterwards in a recasting... It will come if it is there and if you will let it come.
Patti Smith|Make your interactions with people transformational, not just transactional.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Never miss an opportunity to show your love, especially to those close to you, because we are always at our most cautious with them for fear of being hurt.
Mark Twain, The Diary of Adam and Eve|I wish I could make him understand that a loving good heart is riches enough, and that without it intellect is poverty.
Joss Whedon|Seven years, Dawn. Working with the Slayer. Seeing my friends get more and more powerful... a witch. A demon. Hell, I could fit Oz in my shaving kit, but come a full moon, he had a wolfy mojo not to be messed with. Powerful, all of them. And I'm the guy who fixes the windows. They'll never know how tough it is, Dawnie, to be the one who isn't Chosen, to live so near the spotlight and never step in it. But I know. I see more than anybody realizes because nobody's watching me. I saw you last night, and I see you working here today. You're not special; you're extraordinary.
Richard P. Denney|Books have a way of finding their way into our lives, usually, right when we need them the most.
Robert M. Drake|It’s funny, for all it took was a broken heart and that alone was enough, enough for her to do everything she ever dreamed of.
Robert M. Drake|If I lived a million lives, I would've felt a million feelings and I still would've fallen a million times for you.
Robert M. Drake|Suddenly, everything was beautiful. The way she viewed the world was nothing more but a reflection of herself.
Elizabeth Lesser|Adversity is a natural part of being human. It is the height of arrogance to prescribe a moral code or health regime or spiritual practice as an amulet to keep things from falling apart. Things do fall apart. It is in their nature to do so. When we try to protect ourselves from the inevitability of change, we are not listening to the soul. We are listening to our fear of life and death, our lack of faith, our smaller ego's will to prevail. To listen to your soul is to stop fighting with life--to stop fighting when things fall apart; when they don't go our away, when we get sick, when we are betrayed or mistreated or misunderstood. To listen to the soul is to slow down, to feel deeply, to see ourselves clearly, to surrender to discomfort and uncertainty and to wait.
Colleen Houck|Don’t allow yourself to become disheartened when the thread doesn’t suit or seems unsightly to you. Wait and watch. Be patient and devoted. As the threads twist and turn, you will begin to understand, and you will see the pattern finally materialize in all its splendor.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|In a strong relationship, you should love your companion more than you need them.
Benjamin Disraeli|Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
Jules Renard|It`s not how old you are, it`s how you are old.
Georgia O'Keeffe, Georgia O'Keeffe|Nobody sees a flower - really - it is so small it takes time - we haven't time - and to see takes time, like to have a friend takes time.
Martha Washington|I am still determined to be cheerful and happy, in whatever situation I may be; for I have also learned from experience that the greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances. a
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac|One of the penalties of an ecological education is that one lives alone in a world of wounds. Much of the damage inflicted on land is quite invisible to laymen. An ecologist must either harden his shell and make believe that the consequences of science are none of his business, or he must be the doctor who sees the marks of death in a community that believes itself well and does not want to be told otherwise.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The victim mindset dilutes the human potential. By not accepting personal responsibility for our circumstances, we greatly reduce our power to change them.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Let us pick up our books and our pens,” I said. “They are our most powerful weapons. One child, one teacher, one book and one pen can change the world.
John  Williams, Stoner|You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.
Lori Wick, Where the Wild Rose Blooms|the moment you don't feel like praying, get on your knees. And the moment you don't feel like reading your bible, you'd better get that Book open.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|You do not have to sit outside in the dark. If, however, you want to look at the stars, you will find that darkness is necessary. But the stars neither require nor demand it.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|You told me once of the plants that lie dormant through the drought, that wait, half-dead, deep in the earth. The plants that wait for the rain. You said they'd wait for years, if they had to; that they'd almost kill themselves before they grew again. But as soon as those first drops of water fall, those plants begin to stretch and spread their roots. They travel up through the soil and sand to reach the surface. There's a chance for them again.
Joss Whedon, Dr. Horrible’s Sing-Along Blog: The Book|It may not feel too classy, begging just to eat But you know who does that?Lassie, and she always gets a treat So you wonder what your part is Because you're homeless and depressed But home is where the heart is So your real home's in your chest Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's got villains they must face They're not as cool as mine But folks you know it's fine to know your place Everyone's a hero in their own way In their own not-that-heroic way So I thank my girlfriend Penny Yeah, we totally had sex She showed me there's so many different muscles I can flex There's the deltoids of compassion, There's the abs of being kind It's not enough to bash in headsYou've got to bash in minds Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's got something they can do Get up go out and fly Especially that guy, he smells like poo Everyone's a hero in their own way You and you and mostly me and you I'm poverty's new sheriff And I'm bashing in the slums A hero doesn't care if you're a bunch of scary alcoholic bums Everybody! Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone can blaze a hero's trail Don't worry if it's hard If you're not a friggin 'tard you will prevail Everyone's a hero in their own way Everyone's a hero in their...
Anne Rice|I was good and bad, but never wicked.
Gregory Peck|Tough times don't last, tough people do, remember?
Gordon B. Hinckley|The major work of the world is not done by geniuses. It is done by ordinary people, with balance in their lives, who have learned to work in an extraordinary manner.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Our men think earning money and ordering around others is where power lies. They don't think power is in the hands of the woman who takes care of everyone all day long, and gives birth to their children.
Donald Miller, Through Painted Deserts: Light, God, and Beauty on the Open Road|And if these mountains had eyes, they would wake to find two strangers in their fences, standing in admiration as a breathing red pours its tinge upon earth's shore. These mountains, which have seen untold sunrises, long to thunder praise but stand reverent, silent so that man's weak praise should be given God's attention.
John Updike, Rabbit, Run|If you have the guts to be yourself, other people'll pay your price.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Do what you love, think what you feel and live the way you want.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.
Martin Luther King Jr.|It does not matter how long you live, but how well you do it.
Robin S. Sharma|If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|A daily dose of daydreaming heals the heart, soothes the soul, and strengthens the imagination.
Santosh Kalwar|A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Loyalty and obedience to wisdom and justice are fine; but it is still finer to defy arbitrary power, unjustly and cruelly used--not on behalf of ourselves, but on behalf of others more helpless.
Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack|If you would not be forgotten, as soon as you are dead and rotten, either write things worth reading, or do things worth writing.
Louis L'Amour, Sackett's Land|I would not sit waiting for some vague tomorrow, nor for something to happen. One could wait a lifetime, and find nothing at the end of the waiting. I would begin here, I would make something happen.
Sanaya Roman, Living with Joy: Keys to Personal Power and Spiritual Transformation|People who love themselves come across as very loving, generous and kind; they express their self-confidence through humility, forgiveness and inclusiveness.
David Levithan, Six Earlier Days|Some days are like this. And the only way to get through them is to remember that they are only one day, and that every day ends.
Miguel Piñero|when you're cool for twenty,you get paid for twenty-one.
John Quincy Adams|If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Andrew Harvey|If you're really listening, if you're awake to the poignant beauty of the world, your heart breaks regularly. In fact, your heart is made to break; its purpose is to burst open again and again so that it can hold evermore wonders.
Napoleon Hill|If you can't do great things, do small things in a great way.
Henry Scott Holland, Death Is Nothing at All|Death is nothing at all. It does not count. I have only slipped away into the next room. Nothing has happened. Everything remains exactly as it was. I am I, and you are you, and the old life that we lived so fondly together is untouched, unchanged. Whatever we were to each other, that we are still. Call me by the old familiar name. Speak of me in the easy way which you always used. Put no difference into your tone. Wear no forced air of solemnity or sorrow. Laugh as we always laughed at the little jokes that we enjoyed together. Play, smile, think of me, pray for me. Let my name be ever the household word that it always was. Let it be spoken without an effort, without the ghost of a shadow upon it. Life means all that it ever meant. It is the same as it ever was. There is absolute and unbroken continuity. What is this death but a negligible accident? Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight? I am but waiting for you, for an interval, somewhere very near, just round the corner. All is well. Nothing is hurt; nothing is lost. One brief moment and all will be as it was before. How we shall laugh at the trouble of parting when we meet again!
Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye|The world takes us to a silver screen on which flickering images of passion and romance play, and as we watch, the world says, “This is love.” God takes us to the foot of a tree on which a naked and bloodied man hangs and says, “This is love.
William Blake|A man can't soar too high, when he flies with his own wings.
Augustine of Hippo|Understanding is the reward of faith. Therefore, seek not to understand that you may believe, but believe that you may understand.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|So, have we solved the secret of happiness?"I believe so," he saidAre you going to tell me?"Yes.Ready?"Ready."Be satisfied."That's it?"Be greatful."That's it?"For what you have.For the love you receive.And for what God has given you."That's it?He looked me in the eye.Then he sighed deeply."That's it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Never give up. It's like breathing—once you quit, your flame dies letting total darkness extinguish every last gasp of hope. You can't do that. You must continue taking in even the shallowest of breaths, continue putting forth even the smallest of efforts to sustain your dreams. Don't ever, ever, ever give up.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|When someone is trying very hard to get something, they don't. And when they're running away from something as hard as they can, it usually catches up with them.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|There is no point in keeping vengeance or stubbornness. These things" -he sighed- "these things I so regret in my life. Pride. Vanity. Why do we do the things we do? Morrie Schwartz
Jeaniene Frost, At Grave's End|We are not helpless...Many times in our lives we’ve been powerless, but not this night. Right now we have the power to choose the manner in which we die. If you have been a master of nothing else in all your days, you are now a master of this moment. And I for one am going to give such an answer to this insult that others will dearly regret not being by my side to see it!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|And so I ask myself: 'Where are your dreams?' And I shake my head and mutter: 'How the years go by!' And I ask myself again: 'What have you done with those years? Where have you buried your best moments? Have you really lived? Look,' I say to myself, 'how cold it is becoming all over the world!' And more years will pass and behind them will creep grim isolation. Tottering senility will come hobbling, leaning on a crutch, and behind these will come unrelieved boredom and despair. The world of fancies will fade, dreams will wilt and die and fall like autumn leaves from the trees. . . .
Carolyn Crane|Most people think happiness is about gaining something, but it's not. It's all about getting rid of the darkness you accumulate.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|Caminante, no hay puentes, se hace puentes al andar. (Voyager, there are no bridges, one builds them as one walks.) 
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|That's a misconception, Lennie. The sky is everywhere, it begins at your feet.
Woodrow Wilson|You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|If we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love, and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of ‘I could have, I should have’. We can sleep in a storm. And when its time, our goodbyes will be complete.
Gerard Way|The difference we wanna make is number one to let these kids know that they’re not alone, that they’re actually not that messed up and that they can do whatever they want; they can express themselves however they want, without being persecuted or called a faggot or some kind of racist thing. You know, really just to get people to get over their stuff so they can live.
Jane Evershed|To read is to empower,To empower is to write,To write is to influence,To influence is to change,To change is to live".
J.D. Salinger, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction|Keep me up till five because all your stars are out, and for no other reason…Oh dare to do it Buddy! Trust your heart. You’re a deserving craftsman. It would never betray you. Good night. I’m feeling very much over-excited now, and a little dramatic, but I think I’d give almost anything on earth to see you writing a something, an anything, a poem, a tree, that was really and truly after your own heart.
Jean M. Auel|You learn to write by writing, and by reading and thinking about how writers have created their characters and invented their stories. If you are not a reader, don't even think about being a writer.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|How strange is man that when he is afraid of something he runs away from it, but when he is afraid of Allah, he gets closer to Him.
Sheri Dew, If Life Were Easy, It Wouldn't Be Hard: And Other Reassuring Truths|If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.
Daisaku Ikeda|The institutions of human society treat us as parts of a machine. They assign us ranks and place considerable pressure upon us to fulfill defined roles. We need something to help us restore our lost and distorted humanity. Each of us has feelings that have been suppressed and have built up inside. There is a voiceless cry resting in the depths of our souls, waiting for expression. Art gives the soul's feelings voice and form.
Colleen Houck|You must learn to take a step back and visualize the whole piece. If you focus only on the thread given to you, you lose sight of what it can become. 
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Maybe we've lived a thousand lives before this one and in each of them we've found each other... I know I've spent each life before this one searching for you. Not someone like you but you, for your soul and mine must always come together.
Oswald Chambers|If through a broken heart God can bring His purposes to pass in the world, then thank Him for breaking your heart.
Joseph Campbell|Where you stumble and fall, there you will find gold.
Sophie Kinsella, Can You Keep a Secret?|If you can't be honest with your friends and colleagues and loved ones, then what is life all about?
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.
Robert Greene, The 48 Laws of Power|For the future, the motto is, "No days unalert.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|I realized then that even though I was a tiny speck in an infinite cosmos, a blip on the timeline of eternity, I was not without purpose.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|The terrible thing, the almost impossible thing, is to hand over your whole self--all your wishes and precautions--to Christ. But it is far easier than what we are all trying to do instead. For what we are trying to do is to remain what we call "ourselves," to keep personal happiness as our great aim in life, and yet at the same time be "good.
Paul Theroux, The Tao of Travel: Enlightenments from Lives on the Road|The wish to travel seems to me characteristically human: the desire to move, to satisfy your curiosity or ease your fears, to change the circumstances of your life, to be a stranger, to make a friend, to experience an exotic landscape, to risk the unknown..
Rick Riordan|You have to rise above the squabbling and chaos, and keep believing. You have to always keep your goals in mind.” -Hera, goddess of marriage 
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|That's chess!" snapped Ron. "You've got to make some sacrifices!
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|What fire does not destroy, it hardens
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Works of Robert G. Ingersoll, Vol. IV|Religion can never reform mankind because religion is slavery. It is far better to be free, to leave the forts and barricades of fear, to stand erect and face the future with a smile. It is far better to give yourself sometimes to negligence, to drift with wave and tide, with the blind force of the world, to think and dream, to forget the chains and limitations of the breathing life, to forget purpose and object, to lounge in the picture gallery of the brain, to feel once more the clasps and kisses of the past, to bring life's morning back, to see again the forms and faces of the dead, to paint fair pictures for the coming years, to forget all Gods, their promises and threats, to feel within your veins life's joyous stream and hear the martial music, the rhythmic beating of your fearless heart. And then to rouse yourself to do all useful things, to reach with thought and deed the ideal in your brain, to give your fancies wing, that they, like chemist bees, may find art's nectar in the weeds of common things, to look with trained and steady eyes for facts, to find the subtle threads that join the distant with the now, to increase knowledge, to take burdens from the weak, to develop the brain, to defend the right, to make a palace for the soul. This is real religion. This is real worship
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action....no matter what.  So you're afraid? Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|Don't think of introversion as something that needs to be cured...Spend your free the way you like, not the way you think you're supposed to.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|Advice is like snow; the softer it falls, the longer it dwells upon, and the deeper it sinks into the mind.
Corrie ten Boom|Child, you have to learn to see things in the right proportions. Learn to see great things great and small things small.
Umera Ahmed, پیر کامل|‗In life, at sometime or another we come to a point where all relationships cease—where there is only us and Allah. There are no parents, brother or sister, or any friend. Then we realise that there is no earth under us nor is there sky above, but only Allah who is supporting us in this emptiness. Then we realise our worth – it is not more than a grain of sand or the leaf of a plant. Then we realise our existence is only confined to our being. Our demise makes not a whit of difference to the world around us, nor to the scheme of things.
Suzy Toronto, The Sacred Sisterhood Of Wonderful Wacky Women|Life is All About How you Handle Plan BPlan A is always my first choice.You know, the one whereEverything works out to beHappily ever-after.But more often than not,I find myself dealing withThe upside-down, inside-out version --Where nothing goes as it should.It's at this point that the realTest of my character comes in..Do I sink, or do I swim?Do I wallow in self pity and play the victim,Or simply shift gearsAnd make the best of the situation?The choice is all mine...Life is all about how you handle Plan B.
Robert M. Drake|I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.
Frederick Buechner, Now and Then: A Memoir of Vocation|Listen to your life. See it for the fathomless mystery it is. In the boredom and pain of it, no less than in the excitement and gladness: touch, taste, smell your way to the holy and hidden heart of it, because in the last analysis all moments are key moments, and life itself is grace.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 4: 1944-1947|When we blindly adopt a religion, a political system, a literary dogma, we become automatons.
Evanescence|Don't try to fix me, I'm not broken...
Tupac Shakur|I believe that everything that you do bad comes back to you. So everything that I do that's bad, I'm going to suffer from it. But in my mind, I believe what I'm doing is right. So I feel like I'm going to heaven
Mitch Albom|You can feel the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-- no matter how smart or accomplished--they cry, they yearn, they hurt. But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things: comfort, love and a peaceful heart.
Elbert Hubbard|I believe in the hands that work, in the brains that think, and in the hearts that love...I believe in sunshine, fresh air, friendship, calm sleep, beautiful thoughts.
Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn|Love, being in love, isn’t a constant thing. It doesn’t always flow at the same strength. It’s not always like a river in flood. It’s more like the sea. It has tides, it ebbs and flows. The thing is, when love is real, whether it’s ebbing or flowing, it’s always there, it never goes away. And that’s the only proof you can have that it is real, and not just a crush or an infatuation or a passing fancy
Robert A. Heinlein, Time Enough for Love|Be wary of strong drink, it can make you shoot at the tax collector...and miss.
René Daumal|You cannot stay on the summit forever; you have to come down again. So why bother in the first place? Just this: What is above knows what is below, but what is below does not know what is above. One climbs, one sees. One descends, one sees no longer, but one has seen. There is an art of conducting oneself in the lower regions by the memory of what one saw higher up. When one can no longer see, one can at least still know.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Kidnapped|There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people.
Fred Rogers|It's a beautiful day in this neighborhood,A beautiful day for a neighbor.Would you be mine?Could you be mine?...It's a neighborly day in this beauty wood,A neighborly day for a beauty.Would you be mine?Could you be mine?...I've always wanted to have a neighbor just like you.I've always wanted to live in a neighborhood with you.So, let's make the most of this beautiful day.Since we're together we might as well say:Would you be mine?Could you be mine?Won't you be my neighbor?Won't you please,Won't you please?Please won't you be my neighbor?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|He was talking about the sign that said 'THE COMPLICATED FUTILITY OF IGNORANCE.''All knew was that I didn't want my daughter or anybody's child to see a message that negative every time she comes into the library,' he said. 'And then I found out it was you who was responsible for it.''What's so negative about it?' I said.'What could be a more negative word than "futility"?' he said.'"Ignorance,"' I said.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|I've done my best, and I begin to understand what is meant by 'the joy of strife'. Next to trying and winning, the best thing is trying and failing.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Watch for the thing that will show itself to you. Because that thing, when you find it, will be your future.
Chuck Palahniuk|Me with nothing left to lose, plotting my big revenge in the spotlight. Give me violent revenge fantasies as a coping mechanism.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|One of the pitfalls of childhood is that one doesn't have to understand something to feel it. By the time the mind is able to comprehend what has happened, the wounds of the heart are already too deep.
Dorothy Day|The greatest challenge of the day is: how to bring about a revolution of the heart, a revolution which has to start with each one of us?
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Do you know the hallmark of a second rater? It's resentment of another man's achievement. Those touchy mediocrities who sit trembling lest someone's work prove greater than their own - they have no inkling of the loneliness that comes when you reach the top. The loneliness for an equal - for a mind to respect and an achievement to admire. They bare their teeth at you from out of their rat holes,thinking that you take pleasure in letting your brilliance dim them - while you'd give a year of my life to see a flicker of talent anywhere among them. They envy achievement, and their dream of greatness is a world where all men have become their acknowledged inferiors. They don't know that that dream is the infallible proof of mediocrity, because that sort of world is what the man of achievement would not be able to bear. They have no way of knowing what he feels when surrounded by inferiors - hatred? no, not hatred, but boredom - the terrible, hopeless, draining, paralyzing boredom. Of what account are praise and adulation from men whom you don't respect? Have you ever felt the longing for someone you could admire? For something, not to look down at, but up to?""I've felt it all my life," she said.
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|Love stories are written in millimeters and milliseconds with a fast, dull pencil whose marks you can barely see, they are written in miles and eons with a chisel on the side of a mountiantop
Lillian Hellman|It's a sad day when you find out that it's not accident or time or fortune, but just yourself that kept things from you.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|If you just sit and observe, you will see how restless your mind is. If you try to calm it, it only makes it worse, but over time it does calm, and when it does, there's room to hear more subtle things - that's when your intuition starts to blossom and you start to see things more clearly and be in the present more. Your mind just slows down, and you see a tremendous expanse in the moment. You see so much more than you could see before. It's a discipline; you have to practice it.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?
Nelson Mandela|Sometimes it falls upon a generation to be great, you can be that generation
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Sugar, it's no parade but you'll get down the street one way or another, so you'd just as well throw your shoulders back and pick up the pace.
Lynn Austin, Candle in the Darkness|Faith don't come in a bushel basket, Missy. It come one step at a time. Decide to trust Him for one little thing today, and before you know it, you find out He's so trustworthy you be putting your whole life in His hands.
Michelle Paver|Evil exists in us all, Torak. Some fight it. Some feed it. That's how it's always been.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|And a beautiful world we live in, when it is possible, and when many other such things are possible, and not only possible, but done-- done, see you!-- under that sky there, every day.
Michelle Obama|One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|Under Adverse conditions - some people break down,some break records
Neil Gaiman|So that's my wish for you, and all of us, and my wish for myself. Make New Mistakes. Make glorious, amazing mistakes. Make mistakes nobody's ever made before. Don't freeze, don't stop, don't worry that it isn't good enough, or it isn't perfect, whatever it is: art, or love, or work or family or life.
C.S. Pacat, Kings Rising|I would court you, with all the grace and courtesy that you deserve,
Frank Lloyd Wright, Truth Against the World: Frank Lloyd Wright Speaks for an Organic Architecture|I believe in God, only I spell it Nature.
Jim Butcher, Changes|But there were some things I believed in. Some things I had faith in. And faith isn't about perfect attendance to services, or how much money you put on the little plate. It isn't about going skyclad to the Holy Rites, or meditating each day upon the divine. Faith is about what you do. It's about aspiring to be better and nobler and kinder than you are. It's about making sacrifices for the good of others - even when there's not going to be anyone telling you what a hero you are.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Do not waste time bothering whether you ‘love’ your neighbor; act as if you did. As soon as we do this we find one of the great secrets. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him.
Anthony Robbins|In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
Sherry Argov|When a man sees you are happy with him but you can be just as happy having nothing to do with him, that’s when he won’t want to leave your side. When you are happy, you are sexy.
Margaret Mead|There is no greater insight into the future than recognizing...when we save our children, we save ourselves
Avril Lavigne|You're not aloneTogether we standI'll be by your side, you know I'll take your handWhen it gets coldAnd it feels like the endThere's no place to goYou know I won't give in
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|And I remembered something else that makes us human: faith, the only weapon in our arsenal to battle doubt.
Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain|Souls are like athletes, that need opponents worthy of them, if they are to be tried and extended and pushed to the full use of their powers, and rewarded according to their capacity.
Abraham Lincoln|If there is anything that links the human to the divine, it is the courage to stand by a principle when everybody else rejects it.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Courtesy costs nothing, but buys everything.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious." 
Neil Armstrong|That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|...most of the time, all you have is the moment, and the imperfect love of the people around you.
Maurice Maeterlinck|When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
Joanna R. Macy|If the world is to be healed through human efforts, I am convinced it will be by ordinary people, people whose love for this life is even greater than their fear.
W.H. Auden, Markings|I am sure it is everyone’s experience, as it has been mine, that any discovery we make about ourselves or the meaning of life is never, like a scientific discovery, a coming upon something entirely new and unsuspected; it is rather, the coming to conscious recognition of something, which we really knew all the time but, because we were unwilling to formulate it correctly, we did not hitherto know we knew.
Demi Lovato, Stay Strong|Go ahead and believe that no one shines brighter than you. Become amazing, and be happy.
John Lubbock, The Use Of Life|Rest is not idleness, and to lie sometimes on the grass under trees on a summer's day, listening to the murmur of the water, or watching the clouds float across the sky, is by no means a waste of time.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|When I left Queen's my future seemed to stretch out before me like a straight road. I thought I could see along it for many a milestone. Now there is a bend in it. I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does.
Marjorie Pay Hinckley, Small and Simple Things|I know it is hard for you young mothers to believe that almost before you can turn around the children will be gone and you will be alone with your husband. You had better be sure you are developing the kind of love and friendship that will be delightful and enduring. Let the children learn from your attitude that he is important. Encourage him. Be kind. It is a rough world, and he, like everyone else, is fighting to survive. Be cheerful. Don't be a whiner.
Augustine of Hippo|In my deepest wound I saw your glory, and it dazzled me.
Karen Blixen|When you have a great and difficult task, something perhaps almost impossible, if you only work a little at a time, every day a little, suddenly the work will finish itself.
David Livingstone|God, send me anywhere, only go with me. Lay any burden on me, only sustain me. And sever any tie in my heart except the tie that binds my heart to Yours.
Paulo Coelho|Life is short. Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love truly and forgive quickly
Mark Gorman|Leaders live by choice, not by accident.
Sojourner Truth|I'm not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
Sukarno, Indonesia Menggugat: Pidato Pembelaan Bung Karno di Muka Hakim Kolonial|Bebek berjalan berbondong-bondong, akan tetapi burung elang terbang sendirian.
Francesca Lia Block|Stories are like genies...They can carry us into and though our sorrows. Sometimes they burn, sometimes they dance, sometimes they weep, sometimes they sing. Like genies, everyone has one. Like genies, sometimes we forget that we do.Our stories can set us free...When we set them free.
Jackson Pearce|Books didn’t make me wallow in darkness, darkness made me wallow in books.
Mary Oliver|Last nightthe rainspoke to meslowly, saying, what joyto come fallingout of the brisk cloud, to be happy againin a new wayon the earth! That’s what it saidas it dropped, smelling of iron, and vanishedlike a dream of the oceaninto the branchesand the grass below.Then it was over.The sky cleared.I was standingunder a tree.The tree was a treewith happy leaves, and I was myself, and there were stars in the skythat were also themselvesat the momentat which momentmy right handwas holding my left handwhich was holding the treewhich was filled with starsand the soft rain –imagine! imagine! the long and wondrous journeysstill to be ours.
Nizar Qabbani|Light is more important than the lantern,The poem more important than the notebook
Mary Oliver|It is better for the heart to break, than not to break.
Alexander Graham Bell|When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered.
Fanny J. Crosby|God will answer you prayers better than you think. Of course, one will not always get exactly what he has asked for....We all have sorrows and disappointments, but one must never forget that, if commended to God, they will issue in good....His own solution is far better than any we could conceive.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|Consider non your superior, whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your belief and others will listen." he continued at a slower pace, " of the affairs of love ... my only advice is to be honest. thats your most powerfull too to unlock a heart or gain forgiveness. that is all i have to say"Garrow to Roran p 64
Lauryn Hill|Now don't you understand man universal lawWhat you throw out comes back to you, starNever underestimate those who you scarCause karma, karma, karma comes back to you hard
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|Everything ends, and Everything matters. Everything matters not in spite of the end of you and all that you love, but because of it. Everything is all you’ve got…and after Everything is nothing. So you were wise to welcome Everything, the good and the bad alike, and cling to it all. Gather it in. Seek the meaning in sorrow and don’t ever turn away, not once, from here until the end. Because it is all the same, it is all unfathomable, and it is all infinitely preferable to the one dreadful alternative.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|... what you learn today, for no reason at all, will help you discover all the wonderful secrets of tomorrow.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|If you are under the impression you have already perfected yourself, you will never rise to the heights you are no doubt capable of.
Jaeda DeWalt|To be deeply loved, means a willingness to cut yourself wide open, exposing your vulnerabilities... hopes, hurts, fears and flaws. Hiding behind the highlight reel of who you are, is the real you and that person is just as worthy of love. There is nothing more terrifying or fulfilling, than complete love, it's worth the risk... reach for it.
R. Kelly|I belive I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky. 
Lance Armstrong, It's Not About the Bike: My Journey Back to Life|The night before brain surgery, I thought about death. I searched out my larger values, and I asked myself, if I was going to die, did I want to do it fighting and clawing or in peaceful surrender? What sort of character did I hope to show? Was I content with myself and what I had done with my life so far? I decided that I was essentially a good person, although I could have been better--but at the same time I understood that the cancer didn't care.I asked myself what I believed. I had never prayed a lot. I hoped hard, I wished hard, but I didn't pray. I had developed a certain distrust of organized religion growing up, but I felt I had the capacity to be a spiritual person, and to hold some fervent beliefs. Quite simply, I believed I had a responsibility to be a good person, and that meant fair, honest, hardworking, and honorable. If I did that, if I was good to my family, true to my friends, if I gave back to my community or to some cause, if I wasn't a liar, a cheat, or a thief, then I believed that should be enough. At the end of the day, if there was indeed some Body or presence standing there to judge me, I hoped I would be judged on whether I had lived a true life, not on whether I believed in a certain book, or whether I'd been baptized. If there was indeed a God at the end of my days, I hoped he didn't say, 'But you were never a Christian, so you're going the other way from heaven.' If so, I was going to reply, 'You know what? You're right. Fine.'I believed, too, in the doctors and the medicine and the surgeries--I believed in that. I believed in them. A person like Dr. Einhorn [his oncologist], that's someone to believe in, I thought, a person with the mind to develop an experimental treatment 20 years ago that now could save my life. I believed in the hard currency of his intelligence and his research.Beyond that, I had no idea where to draw the line between spiritual belief and science. But I knew this much: I believed in belief, for its own shining sake. To believe in the face of utter hopelessness, every article of evidence to the contrary, to ignore apparent catastrophe--what other choice was there? We do it every day, I realized. We are so much stronger than we imagine, and belief is one of the most valiant and long-lived human characteristics. To believe, when all along we humans know that nothing can cure the briefness of this life, that there is no remedy for our basic mortality, that is a form of bravery.To continue believing in yourself, believing in the doctors, believing in the treatment, believing in whatever I chose to believe in, that was the most important thing, I decided. It had to be.Without belief, we would be left with nothing but an overwhelming doom, every single day. And it will beat you. I didn't fully see, until the cancer, how we fight every day against the creeping negatives of the world, how we struggle daily against the slow lapping of cynicism. Dispiritedness and disappointment, these were the real perils of life, not some sudden illness or cataclysmic millennium doomsday. I knew now why people fear cancer: because it is a slow and inevitable death, it is the very definition of cynicism and loss of spirit.So, I believed.
Colleen Hoover, Point of Retreat|There are moments in every relationship that define when two people start to fall in love.A first glanceA first smileA first kissA first fall…(I remove the Darth Vader house shoes from my satchel and look down at them.)You were wearing these during one of those moments.One of the moments I first started to fall in love with you.The way you gave me butterflies that morningHad absolutely nothing to do with anyone else,and everything to do with you.I was falling in love with you that morningbecause of you.(I take the next item out of the satchel. When I pull it out and look up, she brings her hands to her mouth in shock.)This ugly little gnomeWith his smug little grin…He's the reason I had an excuse to invite you into my house.Into my life.You took a lot of aggression out on him over those next few months.I would watch from my window as you would kick him over every time you walked by him.Poor little guy.You were so tenacious.That feisty, aggressive, strong-willed side of you….The side of you that refused to take crap from this concrete gnome?The side of you that refused to take crap from me?I fell in love with that side of youbecause of you.(I set the gnome down on the stage and grab the CD)This is your favorite CD‘Layken’s shit.’Although now I know you intended for shit to be possessive, rather than descriptive.The banjo started playing through the speakers of your carand I immediately recognized my favorite band.Then when I realized it was your favorite band, too?The fact that these same lyrics inspired both of us?I fell in love with that about you.That had absolutely nothing to do with anyone else.I fell in love with that about youbecause of you.(I take a slip of paper out of the satchel and hold it up. When I look at her, I see Eddie slide her a napkin. I can’t tell from up here, but that can only mean she’s crying.)This is a receipt I kept.Only because the item I purchased that night was on the verge of ridiculous.Chocolate milk on the rocks? Who orders that?You were different, and you didn’t care.You were being you.A piece of me fell in love with you at that moment,because of you.This? (I hold up another sheet of paper.)This I didn’t really like so much.It’s the poem you wrote about me.The one you titled 'mean?'I don’t think I ever told you…but you made a zero.And then I kept itto remind myself of all the things I never want to be to you.(I pull her shirt from my bag. When I hold it into the light, I sigh into the microphone.)This is that ugly shirt you wear.It doesn’t really have anything to do with why I fell in love with you.I just saw it at your house and thought I’d steal it.
Cameron Dokey, Belle: A Retelling of Beauty and the Beast|Unhappy memories are persistent. They're specific, and it's the details that refuse to leave us alone. Though a happy memory may stay with you just as long as one that makes you miserable, what you remember softens over time. What you recall is simply that you were happy, not necessarily the individual moments that brought about your joy.But the memory of something painful does just the opposite. It retains its original shape, all bony fingers and pointy elbows. Every time it returns, you get a quick poke in the eye or jab in the stomach. The memory of being unhappy has the power to hurt us long after the fact. We feel the injury anew each and every time we think of it.
Spencer W. Kimball|Jesus said several times, “Come, follow me.” His was a program of “do what I do,” rather than “do what I say.” His innate brilliance would have permitted him to put on a dazzling display, but that would have left his followers far behind. He walked and worked with those he was to serve. His was not a long-distance leadership. He was not afraid of close friendships; he was not afraid that proximity to him would disappoint his followers. The leaven of true leadership cannot lift others unless we are with and serve those to be led.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Stroke of Midnight|No name-calling truly bites deep unless, in some dark part of us, we believe it. If we are confident enough then it is just noise.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|She could hear, some way off, her brothers calling to each other in the woods behind the house. She hoped desperately that their game wouldn't bring them any closer, that they wouldn't scare the birds away. Somehow she knew that you didn't get many moments like this in your life: moments when you knew, without any doubt, that you were alive, when you felt the air in your lungs and the wet grass beneath your feet and the cotton on your skin; moments when you were completely in the present, when neither the past nor the future mattered. She tried to slow her breathing, hoping somehow to make this moment last forever.
Norman Vincent Peale|When you get up in the morning, you have two choices - either to be happy or to be unhappy. Just choose to be happy
Leo Buscaglia|Only when we give joyfully, without hesitation or thought of gain, can we truly know what love means.
Marjane Satrapi, Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood|I want to be justice, love and the wrath of God all in one.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Have to? Of course you have to! But only because of you, Harry, won't rest until Voldemort is finished! Think now, for once, if you have never heard of the prophecy! What would you do?
Lao Tzu|Do your work, then step back. The only path to serenity.
Bruce Lee|The More we value things, the less we value ourselves
Gabriel García Márquez, Cien años de soledad|Muchos años después, frente al pelotón de fusilamiento, el coronel Aureliano Buendía había de recordar aquella tarde remota en que su padre lo llevó a conocer el hielo. Macondo era entonces una aldea de 20 casas de barro y cañabrava construidas a la orilla de un río de aguas diáfanas que se precipitaban por un lecho de piedras pulidas, blancas y enormes como huevos prehistóricos. El mundo era tan reciente, que muchas cosas carecían de nombre, y para mencionarlas había que señalarlas con el dedo".
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|If you are her man, she will talk to you until there justaren’t any more words left to say, encourage you when you’reat rock bottom and think there just isn’t any way out, hold youin her arms when you’re sick, and laugh with you when you’reup. And if you’re her man and that woman loves you—I meanreally loves you?—she will shine you up when you’re dusty,encourage you when you’re down, defend you even when she’snot so sure you were right, and hang on your every word, evenwhen you’re not saying anything worth listening to.
Alex   Sanchez|The pressures on gay teens can be overwhelming--to keep secrets, tell lies, deny who you are, and try to be who you're not. Remember: you are special and worth being cared about, loved, and accepted just as you are. Never, ever let anyone convince you otherwise.
Marilyn Monroe, Marilyn: Her Life in Her Own Words|just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself because if you don't, then who will? so keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Beware of speaking too much, for it increases mistakes and engenders boredom.
Libba Bray|I change the world, the world changes me.
Robert M. Drake|She was broken from moment to moment, watching her world collide she felt lost inside herself. She fell apart for a passion that flamed beneath her. She waited and died a hundred times, it dripped from her pores. The moment she let go, she soared over the stillness like the star she was born to be.
Mother Teresa|There are many people who can do big things, but there are very few people who will do the small things.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Love has no limitations. It cannot be measured. It has no boundaries. Although many have tried, love is indefinable.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|We're miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentment and mortality.
Robin Jones Gunn, Surprise Endings|If you feel far from God, guess who moved?
Sylvia Plath|I wanted change and excitement and to shoot off in all directions myself, like the colored arrows from a Fourth of July rocket.
Casi McLean|The greatest thing about dreams is they don’t expire. They can lay dormant for years and when you pull them out and dust them off, they shine like new.
Kahlil Gibran|You were born together, and together you shall be for evermore...But let there be spaces in your togetherness...Love one another, but make not a bond of love. Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not of the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.
C.G. Jung|Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Osho|The moment you become miserly you are closed to the basic phenomenon of life: expansion, sharing. The moment you start clinging to things, you have missed the target--you have missed. Because things are not the target, you, your innermost being, is the target--not a beautiful house, but a beautiful you; not much money, but a rich you; not many things, but an open being, available to millions of things.
C.T. Studd|Only one life, ’twill soon be past,Only what’s done for Christ will last.
Bruce Lee|Don't get set into one form, adapt it and build your own, and let it grow, be like water.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|Your mother won a special reward," she told me, "because everyone had a head in her pictures. We all applauded.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|A wise man always has something to say, whereas a fool always needs to say something.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Failing sucks. But it's better than the alternative.""Which is?""Not even trying." Now he did look at me, straight on. "Life's short, you know?
Mahatma Gandhi|If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|In the end, you feel that your much-vaunted, inexhaustible fantasy is growing tired, debilitated, exhausted, because you're bound to grow out of your old ideals; they're smashed to splinters and turn to dust, and if you have no other life, you have no choice but to keep rebuilding your dreams from the splinters and dust. But the heart longs for something different! And it is vain to dig in the ashes of your old fancies, trying to find even a tiny spark to fan into a new flame that will warm the chilled heart and bring back to life everything that can send the blood rushing wildly through the body, fill the eyes with tears--everything that can delude you so well!
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|A great tree develops over time and can tell stories not only those of happiness, but also those that contain pain from what it has seen over the years, and as a result is the wise ancient tree that it is today. As the seasons change, the tree naturally goes through changes as well: where the leaves turn yellow and orange in the fall, falling by the Winter, returning in the Spring, and with full set of new leafs by the Summer. Love is no different in that there will be times when we are fully naked in the Winter, and left to wonder about Spring when it seemed so easy to love, yet the wise tree knows that no winter will last forever no matter how cold it may be.
Bertrand Russell|Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
Robert Bresson|Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.
Amit Ray|Whether you know or not, you are the infinite potential of love, peace and joy
Marcus Tullius Cicero|The life given us, by nature is short; but the memory of a well-spent life is eternal.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|Beannacht / BlessingOn the day whenthe weight deadenson your shouldersand you stumble,may the clay danceto balance you.And when your eyesfreeze behindthe grey windowand the ghost of lossgets in to you,may a flock of colours,indigo, red, green,and azure bluecome to awaken in youa meadow of delight.When the canvas fraysin the currach of thoughtand a stain of oceanblackens beneath you,may there come across the watersa path of yellow moonlightto bring you safely home.May the nourishment of the earth be yours,may the clarity of light be yours,may the fluency of the ocean be yours,may the protection of the ancestors be yours.And so may a slowwind work these wordsof love around you,an invisible cloakto mind your life.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|[T]he race is long - to finish first, first you must finish.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|We are what we are, neither a good or as bad as others paint us. And what we are doesn't change how truly we feel, only how free we are to follow those feelings.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Therefore I would ask you to write all kinds of books, hesitating at no subject however trivial or however vast. By hook or by crook, I hope that you will possess yourselves of money enough to travel and to idle, to contemplate the future or the past of the world, to dream over books and loiter at street corners and let the line of thought dip deep into the stream.
Ezra Taft Benson|My young sisters, we have such hope for you. We have such great expectations for you. Don't settle for less than what the Lord wants you to be...Give me a young woman who loves home and family, who reads and ponders the scriptures daily, who has a burning testimony of the Book of Mormon... Give me a young woman who is virtuous and who has maintained her personal purity, who will not settle for less than a temple marriage, and I will give you a young woman who will perform miracles for the Lord now and throughout eternity.
David Mitchell, number9dream|Dreams are shores where the ocean of spirit meets the land of matter. Dreams are beaches where the yet-to-be, the once-were, the will-never-be may walk awhile with the still are.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Well, if it can be thought, it can be done, a problem can be overcome,
Jane Hamilton|It is books that are a key to the wide world; if you can't do anything else, read all that you can.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Palace of Illusions|I am buoyant and expansive and uncontainable--but I always was so, only I never knew it!
