Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Come to think of it, maybe God is a He after all, because only a cruel force would create something this beautiful and make it inaccessible to most people.
Matt      Chandler, The Explicit Gospel|We are supernaturalists first, not naturalists. The only reason we feel compelled to accommodate science is that science says we ought to. But it is science that should accommodate revelation. Revelation has been around much longer.
Wuhayb ibn al-Wird|By the external appearance of your knowledge, you have attained (high) ranks and reverence with the people! So seek with Allah higher ranks and closeness by virtue of your hidden good deeds. And know that these two ranks, one cancels out the other.
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|One of Mom's favorite passages from Gilead was: "This is an important thing, which I have told many people, and which my father told me, and which his father told him. When you encounter another person, when you have dealings with anyone at all, it is as if a question is being put to you. So you must think, what is the Lord asking of me in this moment, in this situation?
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|When following God, Zero we never find.
Lysa TerKeurst|When God becomes routine rather than revival, it's time to switch things up.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|A steampunk nationBaby pollution rises up then the loving comes arraigning 'causeOur art's official and only partially artificialAnd our heart's in the middle of sharp hardened shards of metal butThere's not where it settlesBecause it's beating to the steaming of God's hottest pot or kettleAnd now we face it, this creation we made toTo save our craving for a synthetic rebelnation it'sOur safeway they make into a pathetic revelationIn our steampunk nationOur steampunk nation
Elisabeth Elliot|The Word of God I think of as a straight edge, which shows up our own crookedness. We can't really tell how crooked our thinking is until we line it up with the straight edge of Scripture.
Elisabeth Elliot|Think of the self that God has given as an acorn. It is a marvelous little thing, a perfect shape, perfectly designed for its purpose, perfectly functional. Think of the grand glory of an oak tree. God’s intention when He made the acorn was the oak tree. His intention for us is ‘… the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ.’ Many deaths must go into our reaching that measure, many letting-goes. When you look at the oak tree, you don’t feel that the loss’ of the acorn is a very great loss. The more you perceive God’s purpose in your life, the less terrible the losses seem.
Anthony Liccione|It is better to have God over your shoulder, than carry the world alone on your back.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|When ours are interrupted, his are not. His plans are proceeding exactly as scheduled, moving us always (including those minutes or hours or years which seem most useless or wasted or unendurable).
Charles R. Swindoll|God doesn't work on our timetable. He has a plan that He will execute perfectly and for the highest, greatest good of all, and for His ultimate glory.
Elisabeth Elliot|George Macdonald said, 'If you knew what God knows about death you would clap your listless hands', but instead I find old people in North America just buying this whole youth obsession. I think growing older is a wonderful privilege. I want to learn to glorify God in every stage of my life.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|Until the will and the affections are brought under the authority of Christ, we have not begun to understand, let alone accept, His Lordship. The Cross, as it enters the love life, will reveal the heart’s truth.
Charles R. Swindoll|Choose to view life through God's eyes. This will not be easy because it doesn't come naturally to us. We cannot do this on our own. We have to allow God to elevate our vantage point. Start by reading His Word, the Bible...Pray and ask God to transform your thinking. Let Him do what you cannot. Ask Him to give you an eternal, divine perspective.
Charles R. Swindoll|The size of a challenge should never be measured by what we have to offer. It will never be enough. Furthermore, provision is God's responsibility, not ours. We are merely called to commit what we have - even if it's no more than a sack lunch.
Elisabeth Elliot|Either we are adrift in chaos or we are individuals, created, loved, upheld and placed purposefully, exactly where we are. Can you believe that? Can you trust God for that?
Charles R. Swindoll|God has called His creation to find satisfaction in a personal relationship with Him, and stop trying to manage the world by conforming it to our expectations, and to allow Him to govern His creation. He continues to say through an ancient Hebrew worship song, "Be still and know that I am God!
Charles R. Swindoll|To be "in Christ" is to place one's trust in Him for salvation from sin. To be "in Christ" is to trust His goodness, not our own; to trust that His sacrificial death on the cross paid the complete debt of death we owe for our sin; to trust that His resurrection gives us eternal life instead of relying upon our own ability to please God. To be "in Christ" is to claim, by faith, the free gift of salvation. To be "in Christ" is to enjoy a completely restored relationship with our Father in heaven by virtue of His Son's righteous standing.
Charles R. Swindoll|Boldness in the course of a noble fight is worth the risk...If you stand on truth, you'll only regret your timidity later, but you'll never regret being bold.
Charles R. Swindoll|Sin may have the power to kill and destroy, but God is the Creator of life. He can create it from nothing, and He can restore it from death.(John 11:25-26)
Charles R. Swindoll|Jesus never commanded believers to produce fruit. Fruit is the *purpose* of the branch, but it is not the *responsibility* of the branch. The branch cannot produce anything on it's own. However, if it remains attached to the vine, it will receive life-sustaining sap, nourishment, strength, everything it needs.
Charles R. Swindoll|The matters we or the world might consider trivial, He cares about and wants to remedy. He longs to relieve our worries and has promised to supply our most fundamental needs.
Alicia Britt Chole, Anonymous: Jesus' Hidden Years ... and Yours|In seasons of hiddenness our sense of value is disrupted, stripped of what "others" affirmed us to be. In this season God intends to give us an unshakable identity in Him, that no amount of adoration nor rejection can alter.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|In some ways I admire Aunt Helen's unwavering certainty in God's divine plan. It must be comforting, to have faith like that. To believe so concretely that there's someone—something—out there watching guard, keeping us safe, testing us only with what we can handle. I've never believed in anything the way Aunt Helen believes in God.
Charles R. Swindoll|In the wilderness, God's covenant people struggled with a choice between feeding their bellies and nourishing their souls. God provided manna--a breadlike food that fell to the ground during the night--to sustain the wandering Israelites and to teach them how to value His Word more than physical fulfillment.
Bill Blais, No Good Deed|Telling someone like my mother that Hell is a real, physical place, somewhere you can travel to and from, would be like spray-painting the statue of Jesus hanging over the pulpit during mass. Better off telling her the Pope is gay.
Leslie H. Hardman, The Survivors: The Story of the Belsen Remnant|God help me! I am small and alone but I must help them; and I most not waste a moment, because every moment another soul dies.
Robert M. Price|Fundamentalists offer us a "loving" God who is some kind of divine stalker.
Robert M. Price|Warren knows God doesn't chow down on Doritos or caviar. What he fails to see, however, is that there is no difference in principle between the old animal sacrifice theology and his own. Surely the same principle applies to emotional gratification. He is still manifestly talking about the care and feeding of God. His God, like an insecure boyfriend, seems to need emotional stroking.
University of Navarra, The Navarre Bible: Wisdom Books|The wise men posit questions to which they may not always find immediate answers, but through their reflections God stimulates man in his search for truth - which in the last analysis is a search for God himself.
Charles R. Swindoll|Israel's first king, Saul, looked like he was born for the role. He was tall, handsome, intelligent, and sensitive to God's leading. But he eventually lost most of his attractive qualities, the most important being obedience.
Charles R. Swindoll|God never asked us to meet life's pressures and demands on our own terms or by relying upon our own strength. Nor did He demands that we win His favor by assembling an impressive portfolio of good deeds. Instead, He invites us to enter His rest.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|I live my life in widening circleThat reach out across the world. I may not ever complete the last one,But I give myself to it. I circle around God, that primordial tower.I have been circling for thousands of years,And I still don't know: am I a falcon,A storm, or a great song? [I, 2]
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|The Lord did not create suffering. Pain and death came into the world with the fall of man. But after man had chosen suffering in preference to the joys of union with God, the Lord turned suffering itself into a way by which man could come to the perfect knowledge of God.
Charles R. Swindoll|Life...as God intended it enables us to live above the drag of fear, superstition, shame, pessimism, guilt, anxiety, worry, and all the negativity that keeps people from seizing each day as a gift from Him.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|If there is a god, or hundreds of them, I hope they will forgive me for the harm I may have inflicted on you by telling you exactly what happened.
Charles R. Swindoll|The crisis of physical hunger is essentially a crisis of faith. What or whom will you trust to meet your most basic needs? Will you trust the God who made human bodies, or will you seek your own way? (Deuteronomy 8:1-3)
Charles R. Swindoll|While God, for the most part, allows this cosmos [creation] to work according to the laws of nature, there is never a time when He is not actively involved in every detail of life.
Charles R. Swindoll|When we panic, we instinctively turn to our own internal resources because we doubt Him.
Charles R. Swindoll|Jesus didn't come to earth to establish a new religion. He came to restore a broken relationship. He came to make the primary, primary again. The secondary activity of obedience to the law of God was always intended to serve the primary activity: to love God and enjoy Him forever. When that is primary, the secondary becomes a labor of love, a joyful, and "easy" burden to bear. (Matthew 11:28-30
Charles R. Swindoll|Faith itself cannot accomplish anything, yet without faith, no one can fly.
Charles R. Swindoll|The Promised Land was a tangible representation of God's ultimate desire for His people, but they failed to comprehend His gift for at least three reasons: It was unconditionally promised, it was outrageously generous, and it was absolutely free. None of those make sense in the world as we know it...
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|(Thinking while being interrogated by the Germans) You big shots think you can decide on my life, but I have news for you: you can't touch a hair on my head without the will of God my Father, because He is on my side.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|I would stand there at times and remember how beautiful God created this world, and then I would be reassured that he would certainly take care of me and all of my loved ones.
Charles R. Swindoll|At least one indication of unbelief is the tendency to measure life's challenges against our own adequacy instead of God's promises. To enter our Sabbath rest, we must put an end to self-reliance - trusting in our own abilities to overcome difficulties, rise above challenges, escape tragedies, or achieve personal greatness.
Shaun Messick|Yes, our Father has a plan, Ciminae,” he said. “But he leaves it up to his children to accept his will. It is their agency. He cannot force his will upon them. If he did, he would cease to be God. They . . . we must choose for ourselves to accept his will with unbreakable faith in our Father. That is when the Father moves us to do his will.” (The Spirit. From Book 2, "Worlds Without End: Aftermath," coming September 1, 2012)
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Old religious dogma attempts to convince you that you are on a journey to God, then makes you pay tolls along that roadway.
Michel de Montaigne|Though the ancient poet in Plutarch tells us we must not trouble the gods with our affairs because they take no heed of our angers and disputes, we can never enough decry the disorderly sallies of our minds.
Jestoni Revealed|For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go. 
Jestoni Revealed|‎"Well, It's just painful to see them without nothing to eat and at the same time no God. So let's share our food and our God.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|Everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.
Jestoni Revealed|To realize that we are just a breath away from eternity takes a lot of guts and brain power. So, spend your breath wisely.
Thérèse de Lisieux|Holiness consists simply in doing God's will, and being just what God wants us to be.
Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society|Those who fight against God's people are fighting against God, and fighters against God will not prevail.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|It is unfortunate that in most cases when the sins of the father fall on the son it is because unlike God, people refuse to forgive and forget and heap past wrongs upon innocent generations.
Oli Hille, Creating the Perfect Lifestyle|You only get one body; it is the temple of your soul. Even God is willing to dwell there. If you truly treat your body like a temple, it will serve you well for decades. If you abuse it you must be prepared for poor health and a lack of energy.
William Wilberforce, Real Christianity|We can scarcely indeed look into any part of the sacred volume without meeting abundant proofs, that it is the religion of the Affections which God particularly requires. Love, Zeal, Gratitude, Joy, Hope, Trust, are each of them specified; and are not allowed to us as weaknesses, but enjoined on us as our bounden duty, and commended to us as our acceptable worship.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|In our time mass or collective production has entered our economics, our politics, even our religion, so that some nations have substituted the idea collective for the idea God. This in my time is the danger. There is great tension in the world, tension toward a breaking point, and men are unhappy and confused. At such a time it seems natural and good to me to ask myself these questions. What do I believe in? What must I fight for and what must I fight against?
Hilaire Belloc, The Path to Rome|For I know that we laughers have a gross cousinship with the most high, and it is this contrast and perpetual quarrel which feeds a spring of merriment in the soul of a sane man.
Homer|The Lord gives and the Lord takes away, as it pleases him, for he can do all things.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Of course, in the process, you must never do harm to others in any serious way, or you'll cease to amuse Him. Then payment comes due for promises you didn't keep.
Mira Grant, Feed|God is the ultimate recycler. We have a good planet here. It has its troubles, yes. We have overpopulation, we have pollution, we have global warming, we have the Thursday night television lineup,” more laughter, “and, of course, we have the infected. We have a lot of problems on Earth, and it might seem like a great idea to hold the Rapture now—why wait? Let’s move on to Heaven, and leave the trials and tribulations of our earthly existence behind us. Let’s get while the getting’s good, and beat the rush.“It might seem like a great idea, but I don’t think it is, for the same reason I don’t think it’s a great idea for a first grader to stand up and say that he’s learned enough, he’s done with school, thanks a lot but he’s got it from here. Compared to God, we’re barely out of kindergarten, and like any good teacher, I don’t believe He intends to let us out of class just because we’re finding the lessons a little difficult. I don’t know whether I believe in the Rapture or not. I believe that if God wants to do it, He will… but I don’t believe that it’s coming in our lifetime. We have too much work left to do right here.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|What I do not like about our definitions of genius is that there is in them nothing of the day of judgment, nothing of resounding through eternity and nothing of the footsteps of the Almighty.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|The whole function of the life of prayer is, then, to enlighten and strengthen our conscience so that it not only knows and perceives the outward, written precepts of the moral and divine laws, but above all lives God's law in concrete reality by perfect and continual union with His will.
Pauline Creeden, The Prodigal Life: Coming all the way home to God|Independence is counterfeit freedom. We think if we can make all our own choices and do our own thing, we will be free. But the opposite is true. By trying to be independent, we are attempting to take God’s place as the ruler of our lives. We can never succeed at creating happiness because we are the created, not the Creator.
Robert Southwell, Collected Poems: Robert Southwell SJ|Gift better than Himself God doth not know,Gift better than God no man can see;This gift doth here the giver given bestowGift to this gift let each receiver be;God is my gift, Himself He freely gave me,God's gift am I, and none but God shall have me.
Robin Wasserman, The Book of Blood and Shadow|And you know what? If there is a God, and it's that same God who's so eager to have temples built in honor of his greatness, and wars fought over him, and people dropping to their knees telling him what a wonderful, magnificent being he is? If this all-powerful, all-knowing creature for some reason just can't get by without my worship? Then let him give me some proof. Or at least get over himself if I decide to go out and get some.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|That wish - that prayer - both men and women would have scorned me for - "But, Father, Thou wilt not despise!" I said, and felt that it was true.
V.S. Carnes|There are still many souls to be won for Christ,” she answered with quiet dignity, eyes downcast—but not, he figured, in humility. “Even here. Perhaps, especially here. Where better to spread his love, than a country just recently ravaged by war?” “Where better to be kidnapped and sold into slavery, than a country just recently ravaged by war?” with a discernible sneer.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|By the end of the war, I could pick out Jewish people almost as if I had a sixth sense about it, even if they had blue eyes and blond hair. I would have been a very valuable Gestapo person.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Yesterday the paper had a "short" summary of the places where Jews are not allowed! I can better mention where they are still aloud: "in their houses and in the streets!" God, punish those who are persecuting the people you chose and to whom Jesus also belonged. -From the diary of Diet Eman
Jestoni Revealed|Do we always do the things that God would take pleasure, or that we do things we think God would take pleasure.
Jestoni Revealed|If it's not for Him, I guess I'd be dead few years ago.
V.S. Carnes|Therefore, she hummed the provincial lullaby she had learned from the officers’ children in the English Quarter of Jerusalem, and watched in fascination while the savage radical’s eyes misted over with tears. For an instant, the prison bars melted away, and she felt God’s presence—for the first time since their imprisonment. She was not a captive, and this man was not her captor. Indeed, they were both merely God’s children.
Anne Holm|Yes, he had made a good choice after all when he had chosen the God of the green pasture and the still waters! He was very powerful, and the fact that He expected you to think for yourself and do something in return for His help did not matter, as long as you could work things out.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|Love without truth is sentimentality; it supports and affirms us but keeps us in denial about our flaws. Truth without love is harshness; it gives us information but in such a way that we cannot really hear it. God's saving love in Christ, however, is marked by both radical truthfulness about who we are and yet also radical, unconditional commitment to us. The merciful commitment strengthens us to see the truth about ourselves and repent. The conviction and repentance moves us to cling to and rest in God's mercy and grace.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Be strong, live happy and love, but first of allHim whom to love is to obey, and keepHis great command!
George MacDonald|Love loves unto purity. Love has ever in view the absolute loveliness of that which it beholds. Therefore all that is not beautiful in the beloved, all that comes between and is not of love's kind, must be destroyed. And our God is a consuming fire.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|Lord, I believe; help my unbelief' is the best any of us can do really, but thank God it is enough.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|...Singles, too, must see the penultimate status of marriage. If single Christians don't develop a deeply fulfilling love relationship with Jesus, they will put too much pressure on their DREAM of marriage, and that will create pathology in their lives as well.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|If we are to believe he is really alive with all that that implies, then we have to believe without proof. And of course that is the only way it could be. If it could be somehow proved, then we would have no choice but to believe. We would lose our freedom not to believe. And in the very moment that we lost that freedom, we would cease to be human beings. Our love of God would have been forced upon us, and love that is forced is of course not love at all. Love must be freely given. Love must live in the freedom not to love; it must take risks. Love must be prepared to suffer even as Jesus on the Cross suffered, and part of that suffering is doubt.
Johanna Spyri, Heidi|God arranges everything for us, so that we need have no more fear or trouble and may be quite sure that all things will come right in the end.
Pope Benedict XVI|Beauty, then, is not mere decoration, but rather an essential element of the liturgical action, since it is an attribute of God himself and his revelation. These considerations should make us realize the care which is needed, if the liturgical action is to reflect its innate splendour.
Clive Barker, Sacrament|I am a man, and men are animals who tell stories. This is a gift from God, who spoke our species into being, but left the end of our story untold. That mystery is troubling to us. How could it be otherwise? Without the final part, we think, how are we to make sense of all that went before: which is to say, our lives?So we make stories of our own, in fevered and envious imitation of our Maker, hoping that we'll tell, by chance, what God left untold. And finishing our tale, come to understand why we were born.
C.S. Lewis|You must make your choice: either this man was, and is, the Son of God, or else a madman or something worse. You can shut him up for a fool, you can spit at him and kill him as a demon; or you can fall at his feet and call him Lord and God. But let us not come with any patronizing nonsense about his being a great human teacher. He has not left that open to us. He did not intend to.
John Piper, Suffering and the Sovereignty of God|The evil and suffering in this world are greater than any of us can comprehend. But evil and suffering are not ultimate. God is. Satan, the great lover of evil and suffering, is not sovereign. God is.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|Like Adam, we have all lost Paradise; and yet we carry Paradise around inside of us in the form of a longing for, almost a memory of, a blessedness that is no more, or the dream of a blessedness that may someday be again.
Susan Howatch|The organist was almost at the end of the anthem’s long introduction, and as the crescendo increases the cathedral began to glitter before my eyes until I felt as if every stone in the building was vibrating in anticipation of the sweeping sword of sound from the Choir.The note exploded in our midst, and at that moment I knew our creator had touched not only me but all of us, just as Harriet had touched that sculpture with a loving hand long ago, and in that touch I sensed the indestructible fidelity, the indescribable devotion and the inexhaustible energy of the creator as he shaped his creation, bringing life out of dead matter, wresting form continually from chaos. Nothing was ever lost, Harriet had said, and nothing was ever wasted because always, when the work was finally completed, every article of the created process, seen or unseen, kept or discarded, broken or mended – EVERYTHING was justified, glorified and redeemed.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|The place that the shepherds found was not an academy or an abstract republic, it was not a place of myths allegorised or dissected or explained or explained away. It was a place of dreams come true.
Robert L. Short, The Gospel According to Peanuts|If we require some kind of sign, or "proof," for our belief in God, then we believe, or place our tust, not in God but in the sign or proof.
W.B. Yeats, Rosa Alchemica|The portraits, of more historical than artistic interest, had gone; and tapestry, full of the blue and bronze of peacocks, fell over the doors, and shut out all history and activity untouched with beauty and peace; and now when I looked at my Crevelli and pondered on the rose in the hand of the Virgin, wherein the form was so delicate and precise that it seemed more like a thought than a flower, or at the grey dawn and rapturous faces of my Francesca, I knew all a Christian's ecstasy without his slavery to rule and custom; when I pondered over the antique bronze gods and goddesses, which I had mortgaged my house to buy, I had all a pagan's delight in various beauty and without his terror at sleepless destiny and his labour with many sacrifices; and I had only to go to my bookshelf, where every book was bound in leather, stamped with intricate ornament, and of a carefully chosen colour: Shakespeare in the orange of the glory of the world, Dante in the dull red of his anger, Milton in the blue grey of his formal calm; and I could experience what I would of human passions without their bitterness and without satiety. I had gathered about me all gods because I believed in none, and experienced every pleasure because I gave myself to none, but held myself apart, individual, indissoluble, a mirror of polished steel: I looked in the triumph of this imagination at the birds of Hera, glowing in the firelight as though they were wrought of jewels; and to my mind, for which symbolism was a necessity, they seemed the doorkeepers of my world, shutting out all that was not of as affluent a beauty as their own; and for a moment I thought as I had thought in so many other moments, that it was possible to rob life of every bitterness except the bitterness of death; and then a thought which had followed this thought, time after time, filled me with a passionate sorrow.
David A. Powlison|The love of Christ for me will get last say. He is merciful to me for his name’s sake, for the sake of his own goodness, for the sake of his steadfast love and compassion (Psalm 25). When he thinks about me, he remembers what he is like, and that is my exceeding joy. My indestructible hope is that he has turned his face towards me, and he will never turn away.
Anne Moody, Coming of Age in Mississippi: The Classic Autobiography of a Young Black Girl in the Rural South|I'm through with you. Yes, I am going to put you down. From now on, I am my own God. I am going to live by the rules I se for myself. I'll discard everything I was once taught about you. Then I'll be you. I'll be my own God, living my life as I see fit. Not as Mr. Charlie says I should live it, or Mama or anybody else. I shall do as I want in this society that apparently wasn't meant for me and my kind. If you are getting angry because I am talking to you like this, then just kill me, leave me here in this graveyard dead. Maybe thats where all of us belong anyway. Maybe then we wouldn't have to suffer so much. At the rate we are being killed now, we'll all be soon dead anyway.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|It is not objective proof of God's existence that we want but, whether we use religious language for it or not, the experience of God's presence.
Margaret D. McGee|I prayed to a mystery.Sometimes I was simply aware of the mystery. I saw a flash of it during a trip to New York that David and I took before we were married. We were walking on a busy sidewalk in Manhattan. I don't remember if it was day or night. A man with a wound on his forehead came toward us. His damp, ragged hair might have been clotted with blood, or maybe it was only dirt. He wore deeply dirty clothes. His red, swollen hands, cupped in half-fists, swung loosely at his sides. His eyes were focused somewhere past my right shoulder. He staggered while he walked. The sidewalk traffic flowed around him and with him. He was strange and frightening, and at the same time he belonged on the Manhattan sidewalk as much as any of us. It was that paradox -- that he could be both alien and resident, both brutalized and human, that he could stand out in the moving mass of people like a sea monster in a school of tuna and at the same time be as much at home as any of us -- that stayed with me. I never saw him again, but I remember him often, and when I do, I am aware of the mystery.Years later, I was out on our property on the Olympic Peninsula, cutting a path through the woods. This was before our house was built. After chopping through dense salal and hacking off ironwood bushes for an hour or so, I stopped, exhausted. I found myself standing motionless, intensely aware of all of the life around me, the breathing moss, the chattering birds, the living earth. I was as much a part of the woods as any millipede or cedar tree. At that moment, too, I was aware of the mystery.Sometimes I wanted to speak to this mystery directly. Out of habit, I began with "Dear God" and ended with "Amen". But I thought to myself, I'm not praying to that old man in the sky. Rather, I'm praying to this thing I can't define. It was sort of like talking into a foggy valley.Praying into a bank of fog requires alot of effort. I wanted an image to focus on when I prayed. I wanted something to pray *to*. but I couldn't go back to that old man. He was too closely associated with all I'd left behind.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|Every Sunday I nudge Sam in her direction, and he walks to where she is sitting and hugs her. She smells him behind the ears, where he most smells like sweet unwashed new potatoes. This is in fact what I think God may smell like, a young child's slightly dirty neck.
Jonathan Gash, The Rich and the Profane|Woods are grim places. Farmers shoot squirrels, crows, magpies, and hang them up on trees to warn Mother Nature to get it together or else. Much notice she takes, being in league with God. They're a right pair, more carnage than the rest of us put together.
Stevie Smith, Collected Poems|God the EaterThere is a god in whom I do not believeYet to this god my love stretches,This god whom I do not believe in isMy whole life, my life and I am his.Everything that I have of pleasure and pain(Of pain, of bitter pain and men's contempt)I give this god for him to feed uponAs he is my whole life and I am his.When I am dead I hope that he will eatEverything I have been and have not beenAnd crunch and feed upon it and grow fatEating my life all up as it is his.
Ellis Peters, Dead Man's Ransom|Once, I remember, Father Abbot said that our purpose is justice, and with God lies the privilege of mercy. But even God, when he intends mercy, needs tools to his hand.
Warren G. Harding|Inherent rights are from God, and the tragedies of the world originate in their attempted denial.
Margaret D. McGee|I prayed to what all things hold in common. I prayed to what makes life. I thought about the elements of the universe, the rocks, the stars, the air, other living things. I tried to get the perspective of what's behind all that. I prayed to the force that brings things into existence. I thought this force encompassed all it created. My God was transcendent, and my God was also immanent. God ran in my veins. God lived and died and lived again in every atom of the universe.
Fred Rogers, Life's Journeys According to Mister Rogers: Things to Remember Along the Way|I believe that at the center of the universe there dwells a loving spirit who longs for all that’s best in all of creation, a spirit who knows the great potential of each planet as well as each person, and little by little will love us into being more than we ever dreamed possible. That loving spirit would rather die than give up on any one of us.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|There is a greater Christian faith than one which settles for the temporal happiness, and that is the augmentation of faith. The more faithful you become, the harder the obstacles get; but the harder the obstacles get, the tougher your spine grows; and the tougher your spine grows, the less dependent you are on man's approval. I came to know this about Christianity when valuing faith before comfort.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Man of an hard heart! Hear me, Proud, Stern, and Cruel! You could have saved me; you could have restored me to happiness and virtue, but would not! You are the destroyer of my Soul; You are my Murderer, and on you fall the curse of my death and my unborn Infant’s! Insolent in your yet-unshaken virtue, you disdained the prayers of a Penitent; But God will show mercy, though you show none. And where is the merit of your boasted virtue? What temptations have you vanquished? Coward! you have fled from it, not opposed seduction. But the day of Trial will arrive! Oh! then when you yield to impetuous passions! when you feel that Man is weak, and born to err; When shuddering you look back upon your crimes, and solicit with terror the mercy of your God, Oh! in that fearful moment think upon me! Think upon your Cruelty! Think upon Agnes, and despair of pardon!
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Learned arguments do not make a man holy and righteous, whereas a good life makes him dear to God.
John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart|When we live in the love of God, we begin to pay attention to people the way God pays attention to us.
Théophile Gautier, The Cross of Berny or Irene's Lovers|Le hasard, c'est peut-être le pseudonyme de Dieu quand il ne veut pas signer.
Robert Burns, Collected Poems of Robert Burns|But deep this truth impress'd my mind: Thro' all His works abroad,The heart benevolent and kindThe most resembles God.
John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart|Every day you and I walk through God's shop. Every day we brush up against objects of incalculable worth to Him. People. Every one of them carries a price tag, if only we could see it.
John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart|If we are serious about loving God, we must begin with people, all people. And especially we must learn to love those that the world generally discards.
Allen R. Hunt, Confessions of a Mega Church Pastor: How I Discovered the Hidden Treasures of the Catholic Church|Suffering often draws us closer to God. Instead of being a sign of God's punishment or distance, suffering can purify us, lead us into the heart of God, and transform our souls.
Dallas Willard|The cautious faith that never saws off a limb on which it is sitting, never learns that unattached limbs may find strange unaccountable ways of not falling.
George R. Stewart, Earth Abides|If there is a God who made us and we did wrong before His eyes—as George says—at least we did wrong only because we were as God made us, and I do not think that He should set traps. Oh, you should know better than George! Let us not bring all that back into the world again—the angry God, the mean God—the one who does not tell us the rules of the game, and then strikes us when we break them. Let us not bring Him back.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|And of the sixth day yet remainedThere wanted yet the master work, the endOf all yet done: a creature who not prone And brute as other creatures but enduedWith sanctity of reason might erect His stature and, upright with front serene,Govern the rest, self-knowing, and from thenceMagnanimous to correspond with Heaven, But grateful to acknowledge whence his good Descends, thither with heart and voice and eyesDirected in devotion to adore And worship God supreme who made him chiefOf all His works.
"Therese of Lisieux|He does not call those who are worthy, but those whom He will.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|If you're male, and you're Christian and living in America, your father is your model for God. And sometimes you find your father in your career.
Eric Frank Russell, The Great Explosion|If one would praise the Almighty, one must then revel in His works, and take them whole, adore their very grossness, savor the oozing quiddity of that slime of which He seems to be inordinately fond. Love is not nice. God's love assuredly is not; and human love, its copy, must not presume to be so.
Matt Litton, The Mockingbird Parables: Transforming Lives through the Power of Story|When hiding ourselves behind religiosity becomes the order of the day, grace is left by the wayside; without being honest about our own sin, we will never show compassion toward others. If we are to adorn ourselves with anything, it should be with compassion and honesty—the foundations of connecting to our community.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|In the name of God, they stole her time and her freedom, putting shackles on her heart. They preached about God's kindness, but preached twice as much about his wrath and intolerance.
Euripides, Helen|What mortal claims, by searching to the utmost limit, to have found out the nature of God, or of his opposite, or of that which comes between, seeing as he doth this world of man tossed to and fro by waves of contradiction and strange vicissitudes?
Donna VanLiere|Why do you believe in God?" the woman asked me in the busy corridor. I don't remember the answer I gave. It was probably too long and rattled in her ears. I wish I could go back and answer her again. "Because HE believes in me," I would say. Isn't that enough?
Kunal Jajal|If any human concious able to define the God then he exactly don't know about the God. If willing to describe then he is beliver of the God. Because The God is unable to describe, if described then not about God. Because God is unable to describe, thats why there is God. The supreme power.
Stephen King, The Stand|She was satisfied with the answer God had given Moses from the burning bush when Moses had seen fit to question. Who are you? Mose asks, and God comes back from that bush just as pert as you like: I Am, Who I AM. In other words, Mose, stop beatin around this here bush and get your old ass in gear.
Ralph Ellison, Juneteenth|God is love, I said, but art's the possibility of forms, and shadows are the source of identity.
Michel Foucault, The Archaeology of Knowledge & The Discourse on Language|Discourse is not life; its time is not your time; in it, you will not be reconciled to death; you may have killed God beneath the weight of all that you have said; but don't imagine that, with all that you are saying you will make a man that will live longer than he.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|What is less often noticed is that it is precisely the kind of moral instruction that parents are constantly trying to give their children — concrete, imaginative, teaching general principles from particular instances, and seeking all the time to bring the children to appreciate and share the parent's own attitudes and view of life… The all-embracing principles of conduct
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|Only when it is seen that what decides each individual's destiny is whether or not God decides to save him from his sins, and that this is a decision that God need not make in any individual case, can one begin to grasp the biblical view of grace.
Marty Rubin|Children, like God, see only our actions.
Lauraine Snelling, Valley of Dreams|Yes, she believed God loved her. But if this whole fiasco was His idea of love . . .
R.A. Dick, The Ghost and Mrs. Muir|Knowledge and book learning are not wisdom," said the captain."Is this book wisdom?" asked Lucy, putting the manuscript back on the table."It has some elements of wisdom in it, me dear," replied the captain. "I did not lead a very wise life myself but it was a full one and a grown-up one. You come to age very often through shipwreck and disaster, and at the heart of the whirlpool some men find God.
William Lane Craig|So whom does God wrong in commanding the destruction of the Canaanites? Not the Canaanite adults, for they were corrupt and deserving of judgment. Not the children, for they inherit eternal life. So who is wronged? Ironically, I think the most difficult part of this whole debate is the apparent wrong done to the Israeli soldiers themselves. Can you imagine what it would be like to have to break into some house and kill a terrified woman and her children? The brutalising effect on these Israeli soldiers is disturbing.
James Patterson, The Christmas Wedding|Marty, my mother used to say "Never get greedy with God." I think what she meant was "Don't dare ask for more if you already have what you need." 
Stephen Mitchell|Whatever thought grips the mind at the time of death is the one which will propel it and decide for it the nature of its future birth. Thus if one wants to attain god after death, one has to think of him steadfastly... This is not as simple as it sounds, for at the time of death the mind automatically flies to the thought of an object (i.e. money, love) which has possessed it during its sojourn in the world. Thus one must think of god constantly.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|If you dont love somebody, it gets annoying if they tell you what to do or what to feel. When you love them, you get pleasure from their pleasure nad it makes it easy to serve. I didnt love God because i didnt know God. universe is not effected by time. Light exists outside of time.. It is still a mystery to physicists.
Deepak Chopra|The brain, which operates on electromagnetic impulses, is as much an activity of the universe as are the electromagnetic storms in the atmosphere or on a distant star. Therefore science is one form of electromagnetism that spends it time studying another form…science is god explaining god through a human nervous system…isn’t spirituality the same thing?
Wesley Miller|Before God does anything, before he makes anything for us to be sustained by, God says, "More than food, more than water, more than shelter, more than other people, they are going to need me.
Toni Sorenson|You were born into this life equipped to succeed. You are a part of God’s perfect plan. Yes, you. The plan would not be perfect if you were missing. Think about that. You matter more than you know.
Nanette Sawyer|There is a beauty in paradox when it comes to talking about things of ultimate concern. Paradox works against our tendency to stay superficial in our faith, or to rest on easy answers or categorical thinking. It breaks apart our categories by showing the inadequacy of them and by pointing to a reality larger than us, the reality of gloria, of light, of beyond-the-beyond. I like to call it paradoxology—the glory of paradox, paradox-doxology—which takes us somewhere we wouldn’t be capable of going if we thought we had everything all wrapped up, if we thought we had attained full comprehension. The commitment to embracing the paradox and resisting the impulse to categorize people (ourselves included) is one of the ways we follow Jesus into that larger mysterious reality of light and love.
Edward T. Babinski|Don't creationists ever wonder about the fact that the paleontologists found ape-like skulls with the 'human leg and foot bones,' rather than the other way around, i.e., human skulls with 'ape leg and foot bones?' . . . Come on, creationists, think about it! Did God hide the human skulls, only leaving behind leg and foot bones belonging to human midgets with misshapen feet, and mix such bones only with the skulls of ape-like creatures with larger cranial capacities than living apes? What a 'kidder' the creationists' God must be.
Johann Baptist Metz, Memoria passionis: Ein provozierendes Gedächtnis in pluralistischer Gesellschaft|No mi kršćani upućeni smo po središtu našega Creda - 'mučen pod Poncijem Pilatom' - u povijest u kojoj je bilo razapinjanja i mučenja, u kojoj se plakalo i tako rijetko ljubilo. I nikakav od povijesti udaljeni mit, nikakav Platonovi idejni Bog, nikakva gnostička soteriologija i nikakav apstraktni govor o povijesnosti naše egzistencije ne mogu nam vratiti onu nedužnost koju smo u toj povijesti izgubili.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If a man cannot serve two masters, neither can Christianity, or several thousand of them as the case may be.
Stuart Greaves|‎If we do not know the King that comes to your bedroom for the sole purpose of taking out your trash, then you have yet to know Jesus as the Servant of All.
Craig Olson|We take a cavalier approach to Scripture at our own peril. If the scientific and historical accounts are true, then the commandments, promises and penalties are much more so. The Bible is not just a guideline. It is the authoritative Word of God. Disobeying it has consequences. Obeying it has rewards. Yet we fudge. We compromise. We rationalize. We trade away our spiritual integrity for man’s approval and as we do, we gradually erode our ability to distinguish right from wrong, to see our own failings, and to turn back in repentance to God. We simply have no idea how this cavalier attitude towards God’s Word taints our witness and hinders the kingdom of God.
Johann Baptist Metz, Memoria passionis: Ein provozierendes Gedächtnis in pluralistischer Gesellschaft|Tko npr. formulira govor o Bogu Abrahamovu, Izakovu i Jakovljevu tako da se u njemu više ne čuje Jobov uzdisaj i tužaljka 'Ta dokle još?', taj se ne bavi teologijom nego mitologijom.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Disasters work like alarm clocks to the world, hence God allows them. They are shouting, 'Wake up! Love! Pray!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|One of the greatest gifts from God is the eternal perspective. It is a level of fearlessness, a level of understanding where one can experience even emotional harmony with God.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|God's relationship with man does not work in a way in which man stumbles and then God has to drop what he is doing in order to lift him up; rather, man stumbles so that God can lift him up. Hence it is utterly impossible to truly diminish his glory.
R. Scott Bakker, The Darkness That Comes Before|There’s faith that knows itself as faith, Proyas, and there’s faith that confuses itself for knowledge. The first embraces uncertainty, acknowledges the mysteriousness of the God. It begets compassion and tolerance. Who can entirely condemn when they’re not entirely certain they’re in the right? But the second, Proyas, the second embraces certainty and only pays lip service to the God’s mystery. It begets intolerance, hatred, violence.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Everyone claims to be okay with freedom of religion, but the moment you mention God there is a strange tension that fills the air. If there was a 6th sense, that would be it.
Alistair Begg|At best we are but clay, animated dust; but viewed as sinners, we are monsters indeed. Let it be published in heaven as a miracle that the Lord Jesus should set His heart's love upon people like us.
R.M. Jones|Mystical experiences do not necessarily supply new ideas to the mind, rather, they transform what one believes into what one knows, converting abstract concepts, such as divine love, into vivid, personal, realities.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Faith, in its most correct form, never removes responsibility; it removes fear of responsibility. The results are complete opposites with the greater saying, 'God's will is my delight.
Wilhelm Reich, Ether, God and devil : cosmic superimposition|In recent times, more and more human thinking has come to assume that the idea of a universal natural law and the idea of 'God' are pointing to one and the same reality.
Jim Fargiano|Keep it simple and keep it real. The more basic we see our connection to God and Spirit, the easier it is to feel like you're a part of it.
Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist|If you can't illustrate 'it', 'it' doens't belong in Physics as a noun! You can't put an article in front. You can't put a verb after!
Tom Patton|It is ignorance or at least lack of consideration of heavenly things that make the temporal things of this world, whether good or evil, greater than they really are.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|This universe is shot through with mystery. The very fact of its being, and of our own, is a mystery absolute, and the only miracle worthy of the name. The consciousness that animates us is itself central to this mystery and the ground for any experience we might wish to call 'spiritual.' No myths need be embraced for us to commune with the profundity of our circumstance. No personal God need be worshiped for us to live in awe at the beauty and immensity of creation. No tribal fictions need be rehearsed for us to realize, one fine day, that we do, in fact, love our neighbors, that our happiness is inextricable from their own, and that our interdependence demands that people everywhere be given the opportunity to flourish.
Thomas C. Oden, The Living God: Systemic Theology: Volume One|God's holiness is not an unloving holiness, and God's love is not an unholy love. It is only by keeping these two primary moral qualities of the divine being closely related that we may rightly behold the character of God. (p. 98)
John Wyndham, The Midwich Cuckoos|But, as I understand it, your God is a universal God; He is God on all suns and all planets. Surely, then, He must have universal form? Would it not be a staggering vanity to imagine that He can manifest Himself only in the form that is appropriate to this particular, not very important planet?
Toni Sorenson|No human mind can fully grasp the gift of Christ’s atonement, the vastness and inclusiveness of the act—but in the end, it comes down to just you and Jesus. You’ve come, and He’s met you with open arms—and now it’s just between the two of you.
Ashok Sharma|when god creat the world,first he must think abour architects
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|Suppose the hellfire of the orthodox really existed! We have no assurance that it does not! It seems incredible, but many incredible things are true. We do not know that God is not as cruel as a Spanish inquisitor. Suppose, then, He is! If, after Death, we wicked ones were shovelled into a furnace of fire- we should have to burn. There would be no redress. It would simply be the Divine Order of things. It is outrageous that we should be so helpless and so dependent on any one- even God.
Ana Monnar|I love God, Jesus Christ, my three children, mother, father, brother, sisters, family in general, my pets, my students, and true friends.
Amy Layne Litzelman, This Beloved Road: A Journey of Revelation and Worship|Your heart of devotion and obedience is not in vain. Who knows but God how many people have come near to you and were forever changed simply by the fragrance of his love in you? Who knows but God if he will put you before kings and leaders to speak the truth, redirecting the future of nations? Who knows when that small crack in the dam of our enemy’s plans will give way and God’s glory will truly cover the earth as the sea? Do not become distracted or discouraged by the death around you. Death must always give way when the life of Christ enters the picture.
R.C. Sproul, A Taste of Heaven: Worship in the Light of Eternity|The real crisis of worship today is not that the preaching is paltry or that it’s too drafty in church. It is that people have no sense of the presence of God, and if they have no sense of His presence, how can they be moved to express the deepest feelings of their souls to honor, revere, worship, and glorify God?
Philippe Claudel, Brodeck|Why did I, like thousands of others, have to carry a cross I hadn't chosen, a cross which was not made for my shoulders and which didn't concern me? Who decided to come rummaging around in my obscure existence, invade my gray anonymity, my meager tranquility, and bowl me like a little ball in a great game of skittles? God? Well, in that case, if He exists, if He really exists, let Him hide His face. Let Him put His two hands on His head, and let Him bow down. It may be, as Peiper used to teach us, that many men are unworthy of Him, but now I know that He, too, is unworthy of most of us, and that if the creature is capable of producing horror, it's solely because his Creator has slipped him the recipe for it.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Who among us has not suddenly looked into his child's face, in the midst of the toils and troubles of everyday life, and at that moment "seen" that everything which is good, is loved and lovable, loved by God! Such certainties all mean, at bottom, one and the same thing: that the world is plumb and sound; that everything comes to its appointed goal; that in spite of all appearances, underlying all things is - peace, salvation, gloria; that nothing and no one is lost; that "God holds in his hand the beginning, middle, and end of all that is." Such nonrational, intuitive certainties of the divine base of all that is can be vouchsafed to our gaze even when it is turned toward the most insignificant-looking things, if only it is a gaze inspired by love. That, in the precise sense, is contemplation...Out of this kind of contemplation of the created world arise in never-ending wealth all true poetry and all real art, for it is the nature of poetry and art to be paean and praise heard above all the wails of lamentation. No one who is not capable of such contemplation can grasp poetry in a poetic fashion, that is to say, in the only meaningful fashion. The indispensability, the vital function of the arts in man's life, consists above all in this: that through them contemplation of the created world is kept alive and active.
Margaret Feinberg, Hungry for God: Hearing God's Voice in the Ordinary and the Everyday|Whenever God thinks of you, he has your best interests in mind; he has plans to take you further, deeper, and higher than you ever dreamed. This process begins when you seek God and spend time with him. Look for every opportunity to know God. Consider your daily schedule. What does it include? A workout at the gym? A trip to the post office? A lunch hour? A commute? Look for ways to include God in your activities. Invite God to accompany you by talking together. Look for moments- even if it's only ten or twenty seconds- to steal away with him. God will reward your efforts as you reshape your inner life to be focused around him. As you seek God, you will find yourself abiding in him." -Hungry for God
Wesley Hill, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality|One of the most striking things about the New Testament teaching on homosexuality is that, right on the heels of the passages that condemn homosexual activity, there are, without exception, resounding affirmations of God's extravagant mercy and redemption. God condemns homosexual behavior and amazingly, profligately, at great cost to himself, lavishes his love on homosexual persons.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Milton's Eve! Milton's Eve! ... Milton tried to see the first woman; but Cary, he saw her not ... I would beg to remind him that the first men of the earth were Titans, and that Eve was their mother: from her sprang Saturn, Hyperion, Oceanus; she bore Prometheus" --"Pagan that you are! what does that signify?""I say, there were giants on the earth in those days: giants that strove to scale heaven. The first woman's breast that heaved with life on this world yielded the daring which could contend with Omnipotence: the stregth which could bear a thousand years of bondage, -- the vitality which could feed that vulture death through uncounted ages, -- the unexhausted life and uncorrupted excellence, sisters to immortality, which after millenniums of crimes, struggles, and woes, could conceive and bring forth a Messiah. The first woman was heaven-born: vast was the heart whence gushed the well-spring of the blood of nations; and grand the undegenerate head where rested the consort-crown of creation. ...I saw -- I now see -- a woman-Titan: her robe of blue air spreads to the outskirts of the heath, where yonder flock is grazing; a veil white as an avalanche sweeps from hear head to her feet, and arabesques of lighting flame on its borders. Under her breast I see her zone, purple like that horizon: through its blush shines the star of evening. Her steady eyes I cannot picture; they are clear -- they are deep as lakes -- they are lifted and full of worship -- they tremble with the softness of love and the lustre of prayer. Her forehead has the expanse of a cloud, and is paler than the early moon, risen long before dark gathers: she reclines her bosom on the ridge of Stilbro' Moor; her mighty hands are joined beneath it. So kneeling, face to face she speaks with God. That Eve is Jehova's daughter, as Adam was His son.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|God himself culminates in the present moment, and will never be more divine in the lapse of all the ages. And we are enabled to apprehend at all what is sublime and noble only by the perpetual instilling and drenching of the reality which surrounds us. The universe constantly and obediently answers to our conceptions; whether we travel fast or slow, the track is laid for us.
MercyMe, I Can Only Imagine - The Songs of Mercyme|Surrounded by Your glory, what will my heart feelWill I dance for you Jesus or in awe of you be stillWill I stand in your presence or to my knees will I fallWill I sing hallelujah, will I be able to speak at allI can only imagineI can only imagine
Amit Abraham|Fear only one person that is God, listen to only one voice that is your conscience”.
Theodor W. Adorno, Minima Moralia: Reflections from a Damaged Life|Even at that time the hope of leaving behind messages in bottles on the flood of barbarism bursting on Europe was an amiable illusion: the desperate letters stuck in the mud of the spirit of rejuvenesence and were worked up by a band of Noble Human-Beings and other riff-raff into highly artistic but inexpensive wall-adornments. Only since then has progress in communications really got into its stride. Who, in the end, is to take it amiss if even the freest of free spirits no longer write for an imaginary posterity, more trusting, if possible, than even their contemporaries, but only for the dead God?
Wesley Hill, Washed and Waiting: Reflections on Christian Faithfulness and Homosexuality|Washed and waiting. That is my life – my identity as one who is forgiven and spiritually cleansed and my struggle as one who perseveres with a frustrating thorn in the flesh, looking forward to what God has promised to do. That is what this book is all about.
Carolyn Custis James, The Gospel of Ruth: Loving God Enough to Break the Rules|First and foremost, God is the true hero of the story. No matter how captivating the other characters may be, our top priority is to discover what the Bible reveals about God.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Here we must take account of one of St. Thomas's conceptual distinctions, which at first seems like unnecessary caviling. It is the distinction between "uncreated" and "created" happiness. We have here something which, while not at all obvious, is nevertheless fraught with consequences for our whole feeling about life. Namely, this: what does indeed make us happy is the infinite and uncreated richness of God; but participation in this, happiness itself, is entirely a "creatural" reality governed from within by our humanity; it is not something that descends overwhelmingly upon us from outside. That is, it is not only something that happens to us; we ourselves are intensely active participants in our own happiness. Beatitude - Thomas is saying - cannot possibly be conceived as a merely objective condition of sheer existence. It is not a mere quality, not pure passivity, not simply a feeling. It is something that takes place in the alert core of the mind... Happiness is an act and an activity of the soul.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|The common element in all the special forms of contemplation is the loving, yearning, affirming bent toward that happiness which is the same as God Himself, and which is the aim and purpose of all that happens in the world.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If thou really believe in one God,irrationality is subset of thou logic.
Ningraj|GOD is super intelligent - says GO & DO GOOD things, if not I may pick you as an ODD human & like a honest DOG knows what to do next!
Stuart Archer Cohen, The Army of the Republic|In that moment, I understand the way that the noblest yearning for duty and sacrifice can be mixed up with all that is savage and shameful, like in the Bible, where a just and merciful God tells you to kill everyone, kill the children, kill the livestock, kill John Polling, leave nothing alive to sully this pure and just world. Except when it's all done you find out that wasn't really God after all, just some politician, or maybe it was God, but he taps you on the shoulder and says, 'No, dude, that isn't what I meant,' and leaves you sitting in a Dairy Queen in Bothell with blood on your hands and no further orders...
Laurence Cossé, A Corner of the Veil|I don't believe for a minute that the proof of God's existence is achieved. My faith prohibits me from believing that the proof of God's existence can ever be adduced. My God is not an object for verification, He is a subject for love. My faith is not knowledge, it is acceptance. It is a matter not of calculation but of trust.
Emmanuel D'Alzon|Prayer is our yearning for God, the cry of our poverty and misery, stretching out toward the throne of His divine mercy.
James  Riordan|What I learned in Rwanda was that God is not absent when great evil is unleashed. Whether that evil is man-made or helped along by darker forces, God is right there, saving those who respond to His urgings and trying to heal the rest.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|The core of liberation theology is profoundly "theologal" - that is, rooted in the very nature of God. You see, there's an immediate relationship between God, oppression, liberation: God is in the poor who cry out. And God is the one who listens to the cry and liberates, so that the poor no longer need to cry out. ( Leonardo Boff, p. 166)
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|The sound of thunder awake me, and when I got up, my feet sank into muddy water up to my ankles. Mother took Buster and Helen to high ground to pray, but I stayed behind with Apache and Lupe. We barricaded the door with the rug and started bailing water out the window. Mother came back and begged us to go pray with her on the hilltop. "To heck with praying!" I shouted. "Bail, dammit, bail!"Mom look mortified. I could tell she thought I'd probably doomed us all with my blasphemy, and I was a little shocked at it myself, but with the water rising so fast, the situation was dire. We had lit the kerosene lamp, and we could see the walls of the dugout were beginning to sag inward. If Mom had pitched in and helped, there was a chance we might have been able to save the dugout - not a good chance, but a fighting chance. Apache and Lupe and I couldn't do it on our own, though, and when the ceiling started to cave, we grabbed Mom's walnut headboard and pulled it through the door just as the dugout collapsed in on itself, burying everything.Afterward, I was pretty aggravated with Mom. She kept saying that the flood was God's will and we had to submit to it. But I didn't see things that way. Submitting seemed to me a lot like giving up. If God gave us the strength to bail - the gumption to try to save ourselves - isn't that what he wanted us to do?
Charles   Williams|Our crucifixes exhibit the pain, but they veil, perhaps necessarily, the obscenity: but the death of the God-Man was both.
Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers|Reason is incompetent to answer any fundamental question about God, or morality, or the meaning of life.
Paul Rudnick, I Shudder and Other Reactions to Life, Death, and New Jersey|I believe in a benevolent God not because He created the Grand Canyon or Michelangelo, but because He gave us snacks.
L.M. Browning, Ruminations at Twilight: Poetry Exploring the Sacred|The cure for our modern maladies is dirt under the fingernails and the feel of thick grass between the toes. The cure for our listlessness is to be out within the invigorating wind. The cure for our uselessness is to take back up our stewardship; for it is not that there has been no work to be done, we simply have not been attending to it.
Sarah Vowell, Unfamiliar Fishes|After Hiram Bingham built the first church on Oahu the student recalls, "When it was completed some of the natives said among themselves, 'That house of worship built by the haoles is a place in which they will pray us all to death. It is meant to kill us.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|I can never feel that the Illusion of Life is a truth as long as any illusion reflects unreality; however, even an untruth is a truth in its turn.
Vera Nazarian, Northanger Abbey and Angels and Dragons|For, what is order without common sense, but Bedlam’s front parlor? What is imagination without common sense, but the aspiration to out-dandy Beau Brummell with nothing but a bit of faded muslin and a limp cravat? What is Creation without common sense, but a scandalous thing without form or function, like a matron with half a dozen unattached daughters?And God looked upon the Creation in all its delightful multiplicity, and saw that, all in all, it was quite Amiable.
John Lothrop Motley, Diderot and the Encyclopaedists|The finger of the atheists' own divinity, Reason, wrote on the wall the appalling judgments that there is no God; that the universe is only matter in spontaneous motion; and, most grievous word of all, that what men call their souls die with the death of the body, as music dies when the strings are broken.
Robinson Jeffers, The Selected Poetry|You have perhaps heard some false reportsOn the subject of God. He is not dead; and he is not a fable. He is not mocked nor forgotten--Successfully. God is a lion that comes in the night. God is a hawk gliding among the stars--If all the stars and the earth, and the living flesh of the night that flows in between them, and whatever is beyond themWere that one bird. He has a bloody beak and harsh talons, he pounces and tears--And where is the German Reich? There alsoWill be prodigious America and world-owning China. I say that all hopes and empires will die like yours;Mankind will die, there will be no more fools; wisdom will die; the very stars will die;One fierce life lasts.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection|The world of an animal is reduced to its perimeter. Human world is reduced to its perimeter, but does the world of God have perimeters? If it does then it is not infinite, but if it doesn’t, it means that this is not a world.
Todd  Johnson, The Sweet By and By|Why not? Why not anything? If God ain’t a God of why nots, than I say ‘Why bother,’ and I don’t think that’s takin his name in vain, I think it’s tellin the truth about what people need.
David Dickson|I have taken all my good deeds and all my bad deeds, and cast them … in a heap before the Lord, and fled from both, and betaken myself to the Lord Jesus Christ, and in him I have sweet peace!
Ferdinand Ebner|To talk about God, except in the context of prayer, is to take His name in vain.One may, indeed, talk to a child about God, but this is on a par with telling him that he was brought to his mother by a stork.
Thomas Browne, Pseudodoxia Epidemica: Or, Enquiries into Commonly Presumed Truths|All the Navel therefore and conjunctive part we can suppose in Adam, was his dependency on his Maker, and the connexion he must needs have unto heaven, who was the Sonne of God. For holding no dependence on any preceding efficient but God; in the act of his production there may be conceived some connexion, and Adam to have been in a moment all Navel with his Maker. And although from his carnality and corporal existence, the conjunction seemeth no nearer than of causality and effect; yet in his immortall and diviner part he seemed to hold a nearer coherence, and an umbilicality even with God himself. And so indeed although the propriety of this part be found but in some animals, and many species there are which have no Navell at all; yet is there one link and common connexion, one general ligament, and necessary obligation of all whatever unto God. Whereby although they act themselves at distance, and seem to be at loose; yet doe they hold a continuity with their Maker. Which catenation or conserving union when ever his pleasure shall divide, let goe, or separate, they shall fall from their existence, essence, and operations; in brief, they must retire unto their primitive nothing, and shrink into that Chaos again.
Hilarie Belloc|Is there any reward?I'm beginning to doubt it.I am broken and bored,Is there any rewardReassure me, Good Lord,And inform me about it.Is there any reward?I'm beginning to doubt it.
Samuel Lee, The Bible and the Closet or How We May Read the Scriptures with the Most Spiritual Profit: And Secret Prayer Successfully Managed|Nay, in many cases open denials of prayer prove the most excellent answers, and God's not hearing us is the most signal audience. Therefore at the foot of every prayer subscribe "thy will be done," and thou shalt enjoy preventing mercies that thou never soughtest, and converting mercies to change all for the best, resting confident in this, that having asked according to his will he heareth thee.
R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior|Gods are but greater demons," the Cishaurim said, "hungers across the surface of eternity, wanting only to taste the clarity of our souls. Can you not see this?
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|What do you believe in?’ asked David.‘I believe in those whom I love and trust. All else is foolishness. This god is as empty as his church. His followers choose to attribute all of their good fortune to him, but when he ignores their pleas or leaves them to suffer, they say only that he is beyond their understanding and abandon themselves to his will. What kind of god is that?
Ernst Jünger|Really, doesn´t everything make sense? There are, of course, things from which we more or less recover, although some of them are too harsh even for saints. But that is no reason to accuse God. Even if there are reasons to doubt him, the fact that he did not arrange the world like a well-ordered parlor is not one of them. It speaks rather in his favor. This used to be much better understood.
Vera Nazarian, Dreams of the Compass Rose|In the desert, the only god is a well.
Heinrich von Kleist, Selected Prose|We see that in the organic world, to the same degree that reflection gets darker and weaker, grace grows ever more radiant and dominant. But just as two lines intersect on one side of a point, and after passing through infinity, suddenly come together again on the other side; or the image in a concave mirror suddenly reappears before us after drawing away into the infinite distance, so too, does grace return once perception, as it were, has traversed the infinite--such that it simultaneously appears the purest in human bodily structures that are either devoid of consciousness or which possess an infinite consciousness, such as in the jointed manikin or the god.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn|If there is no personal God,everything is permissablel, and if God exists,everthing is possible.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|The yogi can relate to his Beloved in the form of a personal relationship-as a friend, a child, a spouse. He can cherish God in traditional religious performances–honoring saints, holy sites, and scriptures. He can hold God dear in the form of union—as his own Self, or in samadhi. All forms of God are equally suitable for love. (165)
Patricia Grasso, Seducing the Prince|Look there.” Regina pointed toward the northern sky. “Polaris.”Viktor looked up. “The constant north star, one of man’s most dependable guides.”“Polaris will be waiting for us there when we are old and have experienced a lifetime of joys and regrets,” Regina said, a wistful note in her voice. “That fact makes me feel like one of God’s most insignificant creatures.
Jean-Pierre de Caussade, The Sacrament of the Present Moment|I must not, like the quietists, reduce all religion to a denial of any specific action, despising all other means, since what makes perfection is God's order, and the means he ordains is best for the soul.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|Relinquishing selfish wants, one is free to allow others to travel their own paths under the will of God. (18)
Elizabeth Knox, The Vintner's Luck|Xas sighed. "But I don't want to talk about God. Why do I? Sometimes I feel God is all over me like a pollen and I go about pollinating things with God."Sobran opened his eyes and Xas smiled at him. Soban said, "I did think that you talked about God to persuade me you weren't evil. But I've decided that, for you, everything is somehow to the glory of God, whether you like it or not.""I feel that, yes. My imagination was first formed in God's glory. But I think God didn't make the world, so I think my feelings are mistaken."This was the heresy for which Xas was thrown out of Heaven. Sobran was happy it had finally appeared. It was like a clearing. Sobran could almost see this clearing - a silent, sunny, green space into which not a thing was falling, not even the call of a cuckoo. Xas thought the world was like this, an empty clearing into which God had wandered.
Longus, Daphnis and Chloe : The Love Romances of Parthenius and other fragments|For this will cure him that is sick, and rouse him that is in dumps; one that has loved, it will remember of it; one that has not, it will instruct. For there was never any yet that wholly could escape love, and never shall there be any, never so long as beauty shall be, never so long as eyes can see. But help me that God to write the passions of others; and while I write, keep me in my own right wits.
Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace|... the divine knowing - what the Father knows, and what the Word says in response to that knowing, and what the Spirit broods upon under the speaking of the Word - all that eternal intellectual activity isn't just daydreaming. It's the cause of everything that is. God doesn't find out about creation; he knows it into being. His knowing has hair on it. It is an effective act. What he knows, is. What he thinks, by the very fact of his thinking, jumps from no-thing into thing. He never thought of anything that wasn't.
Robin R. Meyers, Saving Jesus from the Church: How to Stop Worshiping Christ and Start Following Jesus|...a deep and even paranoid suspicion continues to disparage higher criticism of the Bible, as if someone could publish a paper that would unravel God. (p. 151)
Alfred Tennyson, In Memoriam, Maud and Other Poems|Thine are these orbs of light and shade;Thou madest Life in man and brute;Thou madest Death; and lo, thy footIs on the skull which thou hast made.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|As Moses threw whatever in his hand on the ground,so does hand should do what it can to earn miracles.
Oliver Hassencamp|Der Papst ist der einzige Konzern-Vize, der seinen Chef nie zu sehen bekommt. Nicht einmal bei der Weihnachtsfeier.
Bruce Feiler, Abraham: A Journey to the Heart of Three Faiths|But humans disappoint. Adam, in tasting the fruit, indicates that he prefers Eve to God, so God banishes them.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|God, who might have directed the assassin's dagger so as to end your career in a moment, has given you this quarter of an hour for repentance. Reflect, then, wretched man, and repent.
Luke Timothy Johnson, The Creed: What Christians Believe and Why it Matters|God's image…is found not best in individual humans, but in humans as they relate to each other.
Paris Reidhead|If I had my way, I would declare a moratorium on public preaching of 'the plan of salvation' in America for one to two years. Then I would call on everyone who has use of the airwaves and the pulpits to preach the holiness of God, the righteousness of God, and the Law of God until sinners would cry out, 'What must we do to be saved?" Then I would take them off in a corner and whisper the gospel to them. Don't use John 3:16. Such drastic action is needed because we have a gospel hardened generation of sinners by telling them how to be saved before they have any understanding why they need to be saved.
Luis de León|Ninguna cosa es más propia a Dios que el amor, ni al amor hay cosa más natural que volver al que ama en las condiciones e ingenio del que es amado.
Herman Bavinck|For it is not we who call God by these names. We do not invent them. On the contrary, if it depended on us, we would be silent about him, try to forget him, and disown all his names. We take no delight in the knowledge of his ways. We tend continually to oppose his names: his independence, sovereignty, righteousness, and love, and resist him in all his perfections. But it is God himself who reveals all his perfections and puts his names on our lips. It is he who gives himself these names and who, despite our opposition, maintains them. It is of little use to us to deny his righteousness: every day he demonstrates this quality in history. And so it is with all his attributes. He brings them out despite us. The final goal of all his ways is that his name will shine out in all his works and be written on everyone’s forehead (Rev. 22:4). For that reason we have no choice but to name him with the many names his revelation furnishes us.
Albert Camus, The Plague|In vain a zealous evangelist with a fely hat and flowing tie threads his way through the crowd, crying without cease: 'God is great and good. Come unto Him.' On the contrary, they all make haste toward some trivial objective that seems of more immediate interest than God.
Royston Lambert|It is symptomatic of the constricting specialism and the oppressive burden of fact of our time that it has been left to the imagination of a novelist, Marguerite Yourcenar, to create the broadest, the most balanced and in many ways the most authentic interpretation of the affair.
Arthur Holitscher|(Life) it was a little bit nearer than God, but no less powerful and terrible. Yes, it was something, perhaps, that one did not wish to understand because one feared it, something to which one paid tribute lest it should feel offended and seize one, body and soul.
Thomas Boston|Go where thou wilt, thou canst not go out of thy Father's ground.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Our life on Earth is nothing but a reflection of the Heaven above. Our mind is the mirror. Sometimes is peaceful and gentle, sometimes it roars and hollows. The clearer it gets, the more you see Heaven in your life. But when the storm rages on, the reflection is gone and it seems that Heaven is nowhere and has never been. Regardless of whether your mind is clear or not, what you must remember is that Heaven is still there.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If you are open to life’s lessons and do not feed on beliefs and prejudices, you are like a blank sheet of paper on which God writes his messages to you in holy ink.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Many things are impossible for men to do alone, but everything is possible with God. Regardless of how big your errors might have been, you will find forgiveness when you truly seek for it.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When you judge another, you judge a child of God, and when you condemn another, you condemn your Heavenly Father.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|The fear of God is an insane idea. God is love and “there is no fear in love, because perfect love casts out all fear.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|What you do for others, God will do for you.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If you are now facing difficulties in your life, don’t focus on them but rather focus on God because when you keep your mind on God, you remember that nothing can stand in the way of His Power.
Howard Bahr, The Black Flower: A Novel of the Civil War|Through the door at the end of the hall, Bushrod could see daylight. Gray and sullen it was, but daylight all the same. Through the years Bushrod had seen the dawn come to many fields, after many hard fights, and it was always a sacred moment to him--proof that the universe was still intact in spite of the blood on the ground, the hosts of Departed beginning their first day in eternity, the dead horses and broken gun carriages and scattered equipment--in spite of all the panoramic ruin of the battlefield so brutal and grotesque that it was a wonder God did not bury it in darkness forever--and with it the guilty living, who crept from their holes or their stiff blankets and looked about with astonishment on what they had done. But God never would bury it. He always seemed to want to start over again, whether out of anger or pity Bushrod could not say. And now here was another dawn, after another great fight, and once more God had permitted Bushrod Carter to live.
Sabrina Newby|Most people only thank GOD for what's happened. Today, I give thanks for what didn't happen. Seriously, we have no clue what we're being saved from, yet desperately prayed for. But, I can only imagine, and for that I am thankful.
Yves Saerens, De Dwarsligger|Heb jij je ooit afgevraagd of er een God bestaat?" -- "Ach, het is heel simpel. Als je gelooft in God, bestaat God. Als je niet gelooft in God, bestaat hij niet. Maar dit is de grijze zone waar de mens zo een afschuw van heeft. Het moet wit of zwart zijn.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|You don't want to have any pity on these here tramps – scum, they are. You don't want to judge them by the same standards as men like you and me. They're scum, just scum.' It was interesting to see the subtle way in which he disassociated himself from 'these here tramps'. He had been on the road six months, but in the sight of God, he seemed to imply, he was not a tramp. I imagine there are quite a lot of tramps who thank God they are not tramps. They are like the trippers who say such cutting things about trippers.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We ask, ‘Why the need for God?’ Maybe the better question is ‘Why the need not to need Him?’ And could it be that that question in fact evidences our need for Him?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|You are not made in ‘your image’. You are, in fact, made in ‘God’s image’. Therefore, which one are you looking for when you look in the mirror?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I’ve prayed, I never have to worry about being the first one to show up.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|When you are trying so hard to trend or to be relevant. You end up losing yourself. Please Lord keep me grounded so that I dont get confused by fame and by people calling my name. Let me not lead them astray or out of your ways and teachings. Let me not be boostful, selfish and arrogant.
Martijn Benders|Mensen vragen wel eens, geloof jij in God, Martinus? En dan zeg ik ja, uiteraard. Wat ik er dan niet bij vertel is dat ik ook geloof dat hij donkergroen is, inferieur aan de mens en uit op het stelen van mijn portemonnee. Want dan zit er altijd wel een slimmerik tussen die vraagt of God dan ook een hoed op heeft, en of ik hem niet met een leprechaun verwar, een schepsel waar de Nederlanders nooit een woord voor hebben uitgevonden. En ik zou niet weten wat ik daarop moet antwoorden, behalve dan dat God absoluut een hoed draagt, en zeer waarschijnlijk met een klavertje vier rondloopt, wat hij ook wel nodig heeft want ik heb helemaal geen portemonnee.
John Calvin, Commentaries on the Catholic Epistles|For though God has promised to do whatsoever his people may ask, yet he does not allow them an unbridled liberty to ask whatever may come to their minds; but he has at the same time prescribed to them a law according to which they are to pray. And doubtless nothing is better for us than this restriction; for if it was allowed to every one of us to ask what he pleased, and if God were to indulge us in our wishes, it would be to provide very badly for us. For what may be expedient we know not; nay, we boil over with corrupt and hurtful desires. But God supplies a twofold remedy, lest we should pray otherwise than according to what his own will has prescribed; for he teaches us by his word what he would have us to ask, and he has also set over us his Spirit as our guide and ruler, to restrain our feelings, so as not to suffer them to wander beyond due bounds. For what or how to pray, we know not, says Paul, but the Spirit helpeth our infirmity, and excites in us unutterable groans. (Romans 8:26.) We ought also to ask the mouth of the Lord to direct and guide our prayers; for God in his promises has fixed for us, as it has been said, the right way of praying.
Anthony Liccione|We are all innocent, until we die.
Latika Teotia|If our foundation is on God,then our burden becomes His and we sail through smoothly.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A bride never forgets her wedding ornaments, why should we forsake our heavenly Father, the bridegroom?
Latika Teotia|God’s mercy knows no bounds; His amazing miracles can heal even the most serious illness and make you come out of any difficult situation without a scratch. He can help you deal with all your relationship issues and remove all financial problems with one stroke. He can bless you with a purposeful life. Pray, trust and walk in faith always and in all the ways.
Latika Teotia|Materialistic things cannot make you truly happy; it’s your faith in God that can bring real satisfaction. And ofcourse, the love you give and receive will fill your life with cheer as well as laughter.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Tragedy descends, and in the carnage our enraged cynicism screams ‘If there was a God, He would not have allowed this!’ And somehow we’ve conveniently forgotten that once upon a time He allowed us to tell Him to go away, and once upon that time we allowed ourselves to take Him up on that offer.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God’s absence in the carnage is due to one single rather unnerving fact; that at some time past He honored our request that He leave. And if we are not brutally honest with ourselves regarding that choice, it is we ourselves who have set the stage for the next tragedy.
Latika Teotia|Are you comprehending what God is trying to teach through those tests and trials which you are being made to undergo time and again???  If you are being put in a situation again and again, you must realize that He is trying to teach you something. It is high time that you became wise enough to understand, learn and deal with it once and for all instead of pushing them under the carpet.We are destined to learn a few lessons from which we can’t just escape.
Latika Teotia|By holding on to God at all times, we can remain calm and enjoy peace in us even in the middle of our storms.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The world is shaken by major events, but it is ‘transformed’ by slight subtleties. And while we may be far too small to create even one major event, we are just the right size to craft a thousand subtleties.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|At the moment that everything goes dark, the sunset in front of us becomes the whole story. But if we find courage enough to wait until tomorrow morning, we will suddenly come to understand that in reality yesterday’s sunset was only half of the story.
Charbel Tadros|I’m going to tell you something that will make you very happy: your god is the one true god. Just remember, I am telling this to everyone… and I mean it.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When we give all to another in a love without conditions, we get to understand how much God loves us.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|People will always tell you what they think you should or should not do. But your life is only between you and God. If you have doubts whether what you’re doing is right or wrong, before you make any decision, look up and ask God. You will always know the answer.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Religion and God have nothing in common. If you focus on what people did in the past, you lose what God can do for you in the present. When you focus on Spirit, you find love because you know you belong. Focus on Love.
Dr Dipak Kumar Pramanik|God in human form made of God’s light is seen. By human, it is meant that a man may be a devotee of Jesus. God in the form of Jesus, made of God’s light, will come out from his body, stand before him and talk with him.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|For someone who is far from God, silence is a difficult confrontation with his own self and with the rather dismal realities that are at the bottom of our soul. Hence, man enters a mentality that resembles a denial of reality. He gets drunk on all sorts of noises so as to forget who he is. Postmodern man seeks to anesthetize his own atheism.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|The devil invites mankind to rebellion and disorder. With his litany of subterfuges, he sows discord and incites us to pour out our hatred upon each other. "Old Scratch" always makes noise and a lot of racket so as to prevent us from resting in God. The devil will not be able to reach us in the stronghold of silence. Let us guard against multiplying sins by satisfying our little egotistical or revolutionary passions.
Latika Teotia|I pray for those who feel friendless and who feel that they are all by themselves in this wide world. May God show them, through one His of innumerable ways, that not only does He know them but also loves them dearly.
A.J.      Smith, Growth|Bburke used to, whenever he went to the city to catch a Yankees game, throw his money around to every homeless man on the street, feeling it was the right thing to do; except one time he did that and he got to the stadium and realized he didn’t have enough money for the Bud Light tall boy he always got during the third inning. And in him he felt an unyielding rise of contempt for the himself of only hours ago, that he was something and now is something and that they aren’t the same somethings. But that the change was Barmecidal and it was just him, this moneyless and beerless man in the bleachers. Man made in God’s image, yet some men are homeless and some are beerless, and there must be this big bearded guy miles and miles in the sky who doesn’t have a home and can’t even catch a buzz.
Carlos Fuentes, The Good Conscience|Cristo quería a los justos, habitaba las buenas conciencias, pertenecía a los hombres de bien, a la gente decente, a las buenas reputaciones. ¡Que cargara el diablo con los humildes, con los pecadores, con los abandonados, con los rebeldes, con los miserables, con los que quedaban al margen del orden aceptado!
Ava Farmehri, Through the Sad Wood Our Corpses Will Hang|It’s not that I don’t believe in God, it’s simply that I doubt His kindness. I am suspicious of His motives. There is no logical (or illogical for that matter) evidence to prove that God truly is who He claims to be, or what His followers claim Him to be: omniscient, all-hearing, merciful… In fact, all evidence points in the opposite direction.
Theresa Lewis|Don't take life for granted or love ones for granted. Today may be the only time you have left to smell the roses, to laugh at silly jokes, to dance in the rain, or to hold your loved ones close. Life is a vapor, inhale the beautiful things in life and exhale the ugly things in life!
Omar El Akkad, American War|What is the first anesthetic?Wealth.And if I take your wealth?Necessities.And if I demolish your home, burn your fields?Acknowledgement.And if I make it taboo to sympathize with your plight?Family.And if I kill your family?God.And God......Hasn't said a word in two thousand years. (136)
David Benioff, City of Thieves|The front door is usually unlocked and there is no alarm system. They don't wear their seat belts in the car; they don't wear suntan lotion in the sun. They have decided nothing can kill them but God himself, and they don't even believe in him.
Richie Norton|Dreams hit the fan? Life unexpectedly take a turn for the worst? Here’s what you do:First thing I think is to realize God didn’t do this to you. It’s just life.Second, know that it sucks. It does.Third, it’s a tunnel not a cave.Fourth, it still sucks.Fifth, it’s not hopeless. Assign meaning to it. Choose for these horrible things to bring you closer to family and god and not farther apart.Praying for you
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|The divine is in the present and you must be present to experience it. When you vacate the present and recede into your mind, allowing worries or work to remove you from the moment, you leave the plain upon which the divine dwells. When you are constantly under the anesthetic of digital distraction, you withdraw; you are no longer conscious, and therefore are in no fit state to commune with the sacred. If you wish to hear the answers you seek, you must be present to hear them. If you wish to partake in the insights there to be known, you must be present to receive them. If you wish to know the divine, you must be present to meet it. …you must be present.
L.M. Browning|Life doesn’t have a singular purpose and yet we try to pigeonhole this infinite gift by searching for a single meaning behind our existence. We hunger for meaning the way a starving man does food—convinced we will waste away without it. As though to experience what it is to be alive weren’t enough to justify drawing breath. Life is a multi-layered practice in exploration, self-definition, connection, and realization. The greatest challenge presented to us as human beings is to allow the infinite to be infinite; to accept that we will always be the student never the teacher, and allow the truths we’ve gathered to evolve because what we seek to understand is a living thing and is in a perpetual state of change. Humanity’s progression of understanding is open-ended. Anyone who professes mastery only shows their ignorance of the infinite procession of enlightenment of which they are a part. Each of us get to add a line into the coverless tome of understanding, which has no beginning and no end.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|Question everything—no matter how beloved, or how long-held, or how exalted—without apology. Only those who build their world upon lies need fear an inquisitive mind. The truth will remain, even after a storm of doubt and revolution has washed over it. Only illusions need be protected. The truth need not be defended; it existed before us and will continue to exist after us.
L.M. Browning|Evil demons dwelling in underworlds, Gods sitting on-high, angels battling and protecting. We have become so wrapped up in these stories, and in the in-fighting between the different religions, that the reality of the matter has gone unseen and unresolved. We—humanity—must move out of this adolescence, put down the fairy tales, and take responsibility for our actions. There is no devil to blame, and there is no God to plead to. There is simply you and the choices you make each day—choices that will either make you a force of good in this world or an ill-presence. People are the evil in this world, and likewise we are the divine. “Evil”—all that is detrimental to humanity—has come about as a result of poor choices and, by the same hand, the divine—the immortal goodness—endures as a result of loving, compassionate choices. Heaven is created here—on this earth—by a community of compassionate people, and Hell is created here—on this earth—by a community of greedy, self-centered, apathetic people. Our small choices define the greater picture.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Please God, let your face shine in glory on us.
Jordan B. Peterson|Life is suffering Love is the desire to see unnecessary suffering amelioratedTruth is the handmaiden of loveDialogue is the pathway to truth Humility is recognition of personal insufficiency and the willingness to learn To learn is to die voluntarily and be born again, in great ways and smallSo speech must be untrammeled So that dialogue can take placeSo that we can all humbly learn So that truth can serve loveSo that suffering can be amelioratedSo that we can all stumble forward to the Kingdom of God
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|Those who had fought for what they called the revolution maintained a great pride: the pride of being on the correct side of the front lines. Ten or twelve years later (around the time of our story) the front lines began to melt away, and with them the correct side. No wonder the former supporters of the revolution feel cheated and are quick to seek substitute fronts; thanks to religion they can (in their role as atheists struggling against believers) stand again on the correct side and retain their habitual and precious sense of their own superiority.But to tell the truth, the substitute front was also useful to others, and it will perhaps not be too premature to disclose that Alice was one of them. Just as the directress wanted to be on the correct side, Alice wanted to be on the opposite side. During the revolution they had nationalized her papa's shop, and Alice hated those who had done this to him. But how should she show her hatred? Perhaps by taking a knife and avenging her father? But this sort of thing is not the custom in Bohemia. Alice had a better means for expressing her opposition: she began to believe in God.
Anthony T.Hincks|If you want to find God have a look around you. He's in everything you see, smell, taste, feel, touch and believe.If he wasn't, he wouldn't be God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Oh God, teach us thy truth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Please God, be merciful to me!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Eternity to eternity , God is God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A servant of the Lord , loves God.
Dean Koontz, Life Expectancy|My parents didn't raise me to ask God for blessings or benefits. For guidance, yes. For the strength to do the right thing, yes. Not for a winning lottery number, not for love or health, or happiness. Prayer is not a gimme list; God isn't Santa Claus.
Lin Zhao|As I silently rub the drops of blood on the wall, I can only find the right words when I think of that merciful and just God who is so far away, and yet so close.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever gains good understanding, keeps God's commandment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we neither regard the deeds nor respect the works of God, it leads to rebellion.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we turned to God, He will heal us, then we shall be happy.
Donna Lynn Hess|Despite tribulation, distress, famine, peril, and sword, God had allowed them all to emerge as conquerors.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Anti-Christ|Under Christianity neither morality nor religion has any point of contact with actuality. It offers purely imaginary causes ("God" "soul," "ego," "spirit," "free will" -- "unfree will" for that matter), and purely imaginary effects ("sin," "salvation," "grace," "punishment," "forgiveness of sins"). Intercourse between imaginary beings ("God," "spirits," "souls"); an imaginary natural science (anthropocentric; a total denial of the concept of natural causes); an imaginary psychology (misunderstandings of self, misinterpretations of agreeable or disagreeable general feelings -- for example, of the states of the nervus sympathicus with the help of the sign-language of religio-ethical balderdash -- , "repentance," "pangs of conscience," "temptation by the devil," "the presence of God"); an imaginary teleology (the "kingdom of God," "the last judgment," "eternal life"). -- This purely fictitious world, greatly to its disadvantage, is to be differentiated from the world of dreams; the later at least reflects reality, whereas the former falsifies it, cheapens it and denies it. Once the concept of "nature" had been opposed to the concept of "God," the word "natural" necessarily took on the meaning of "abominable" -- the whole of that fictitious world has its sources in hatred of the natural (-- the real! --), and is no more than evidence of a profound uneasiness in the presence of reality. . . . This explains everything. Who alone has any reason for lying his way out of reality? The man who suffers under it. But to suffer from reality one must be a botched reality. . . . The preponderance of pains over pleasures is the cause of this fictitious morality and religion: but such a preponderance also supplies the formula for decadence...
Rebecca McNutt, Bittersweet Symphony|Bernie believed in God. He believed that God wanted people to enjoy life to the fullest, not drench themselves in aversion and prejudice.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|Whether it’s an Iraqi widow mourning her dead loved ones standing helplessly in the rubble of her former home or a dying soldier in an Iraqi city street asking, “Why, God? Why is this happening? Where are you?” I can’t help but wonder the same. You realize that there is no justice, no karmic retribution swift enough, and that happy endings are a terrible, terrible lie. We are all subject to the same blind boot stomp and our luck is merely where we happen to be standing when death inevitably comes roaring down upon us.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Forbidden things - my God, I'm drawn to them like a moth to a flame.
Nicholas M. Cuono Sr., This Is His House and These Are His Rules|Power and knowledge are funny things if you have no idea how to handle them. But God gives every man, woman, and child the opportunity to share in His divine nature and to live for an eternity. We are part of the infinite wonders of His inconceivable love for us, and we will share in His total power and knowledge if we pass this test.
J.C. Ryle, A Call to Prayer|That sin will never stand firm which is heartily prayed against....We must spread out all our case before our heavenly Physician, if He is to give us daily relief.
Dr Dipak Kumar Pramanik|God is in every human body. He is seen in the seventh plane. He is with form. He is only an outline. He is without any form. Everything is God and He is beyond everything. A man knows so far as God, by His grace, makes him understand.
Frances E. W. Harper|Every mother should endeavor to be a true artist. I do not mean by this that every woman should be a painter, sculptor, musician, poet, or writer, but the artist who will write on the table of childish innocence thoughts she will not blush to see read in the light of eternity and printed amid the archives of heaven, that the young may learn to wear them as amulets around their hearts and throw them as bulwarks around their lives, and that in the hour of temptation and trial the voices from home may linger around their paths as angels of guidance, around their steps, and be incentives to deeds of high and holy worth.
Latika Teotia|It is quite likely that while you are praying for God’s mercy and your wishes to be answered He too may be waiting to give you the desired wish. But, you have to at least start working towards it. You can’t just be sitting idle waiting for miracles. You have to work towards it and when the going gets tough, pray to Him to help you out. To seek God’s help you have to help yourself too.
Izey Victoria Odiase|I don't believe in Religion. I believe in Connection, Relationship and Spirituality.
Latika Teotia|Strange are the ways of God. At times He showers His gifts when we least expect them. Treat each day as an important one; you never know He may have decided to send you a gift through a small child looking for help or an unknown stranger seeking directions to a place or a person unable to pay his coffee bill because his pocket has been picked or a lady on the next table who absent mindedly leaves her purse in the café. Anyone of them could be the carrier of God’s gifts. Be alert His miracles can come up any time, in any form and through anyone. Your life may be about to change, His Angel is on the way so don’t be caught napping. Don’t treat today or any day as just another day.
Latika Teotia|You are strong and you know it. Even when you are faced with problems, all you have to do is look within and you’ll find that not only are you capable of solving it but you can handle it much better than you think. So don’t lose heart. However, if you think that you are all alone with your problems may God fill you with hope and may you always be blessed with the kind of support you need. Stay blessed.
John Chaplin|There are 300 billion stars in the Milky Way Galaxy, and there are over 100 billion galaxies in the universe. In all of this vastness there is, and will ever be, only one of you. Who you are is the rarest and most unique thing in the universe - value yourself accordingly.
Manuel Corazzari|Satan's greatest victories lays upon people believing his lies, Our greatest victories lays upon us believing God's Word.
Robin Sacredfire|I've helped many friends and even strangers, start successful businesses, by encouraging their ideas, reshaping such visions and giving them a clear image to hold on to. But in the end, they forget me easily. I've noticed that they rather have the ones that didn't support them around them. They prefer to forget me as fast as possible when success is acquired. And why? Because the ego is always stronger than the spirit. And the ego is ashamed to admit its defeat, to say thanks and appreciate. The weak don't know that it is the spirit that calls them for success, and not the ego. With the ego, you go nowhere. And being very religious will never help with that. Simply because God can't do much for those who are blind by their ego. And yes, I've also met many incompetent but highly religious individuals that fail in life with the grace of God, proving that the God of life and success is not the God of the fools and most selfish. This duality confuses only the most egotistical. The plans of God are so very clear that He could be dead and they would still work as I outlined here.
Conrad Richter, The Awakening Land: The Trees, The Fields, & The Town|The Awakening Land" p628 A strange, uneasy feeling ran over him. If he had been wrong about his mother in this, might he by any chance have been wrong in other things about her also? Could it be even faintly possible that the children of pioneers like himself, born under more benign conditions than their parents, hated them because they themselves were weaker, resented it when their parents expected them to be strong, and so invented all kinds of intricate reasoning to prove that their parents were tyrannical and cruel, their beliefs false and obsolete, and their accomplishments trifling? Never had his mother said that. But once long ago he had heard her mention, not in as many words, that the people were too weak to follow God today, that in the Bible God made strong demands on them for perfection, so the younger generation watered God down, made Him impotent and got up all kinds of reasons why they didn't have to follow Him but could go along their own way.
Latika Teotia|Don’t run after people or plead with them beseeching them to return. If they leave you they were never meant to be a part of your complete journey. However difficult you may find it initially, don’t break down. Take it as a sign from God. Perhaps they were hampering your growth, perhaps they had made you so dependent that your entire world revolved around them. You must accept this change … and move on … You need people in your life who are supposed to be there…according to your destiny. Keep your eyes open, someone better is coming along. Trust God!!!
Tracey Bond|Life is worth living when God throws His Divine dice in your favor. HE has slow-stirred my life with Wisdom and discernment about all manners of people; which is no secret agent in my soul sauce, it brings flavour to the taste buds of God's blessings in my life with extra side orders of favor.
Stephen Colbert|If God wanted us to get high, he'd have created plants that became psychoactive when eaten or smoked.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In the end, if we don't have God we don't have anything other than an end.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|How can it be that I’ve never seen that lofty sky before? Oh, how happy I am to have found it at last. Yes! It’s all vanity, it’s all an illusion, everything except that infinite sky. There is nothing, nothing – that’s all there is. But there isn’t even that. There’s nothing but stillness and peace. Thank God for that!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Tomorrow’ is the thing that’s always coming but never arrives. ‘Today’ is the thing that’s already here and never leaves. And because that’s the case, I would much prefer to invest in today than sit around waiting for an arrival that’s not arriving.
Philo of Alexandria|The Limit of Happiness Is the Presence of GodBut it is something great that Abraham asks, namely that God shall not pass by nor remove to a distance and leave his soul desolate and empty (Gen. 18:3). For the limit of happiness is the presence of God, which completely fills the whole soul with his whole incorporeal and eternal light.
Latika Teotia|O God, I’m grateful for this gift of another beautiful day. I pray that just as You give us a new gift of life every day, may we too value it as much. May Thy love and light always show us the right path. May we always be compassionate and kind to others. May we never ignore someone in need. Bless us O God so that we become the instruments of Thy wishes.
Latika Teotia|I pray to God to give you a happy life filled with compassion, kindness and peace. May joy never leave your door step. May your house always ring with the laughter of friends and family. May your good fortune increase day by day.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Ethics are the things that say, 'Don’t stick your finger in the socket.' The world says, 'It’s okay because we’ve shut off the electricity.' And at the point that we’ve chosen to listen to the world and ignore our ethics, we say, 'I’m having a really hard time getting back up.
Devin Madson, The Blood of Whisperers|The gods say that a man is made the way he is for a purpose, and to seek to alter that is -" "Then let the gods live a day in my skin before they judge me.
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|It sucks. I think you'd make a pretty snake woman, but I'm not really into that kind of girl. Those pointy teeth and slitted nose. Their mindless need to kill..." He shuddered.
Latika Teotia|Don’t allow the challenges of life to break you. Remember all the good things God has done, and fill your heart with faith
Robert Trabold, Watching the River Flow By: Selected Poems|Garden’s hush opens upan abyss at my center, still point.Someone touches me, mystery, otherness.No words are spoken, silencethe language of God.Silence, calm, hushed garden usher me into a presence, presence of my beloved.Let me rest in this quiet visit, gift that puts a beautifulend to a hectic day.Someone is with me—that is all that matters!-Evening Hush
Sunshine Rodgers, This Is My Heaven|It was the afternoon in the city of Orlando, Florida. Amid the hustle and bustle, the cafe next door to a strip mall played popular music out loud. Children and families with familiar cartoon characters on their shirts and hats walked past; vacationers took pictures of the palm trees and the ducks passing by, shouting, "Look! Florida ducks!
Jalaluddin Rumi, Rumi: Swallowing the Sun: Poems Translated from Persian|SUDDEN RESURRECTION! Endless mercy!Blazing fire in the thickets of thought! Today you came laughing Unlocking dungeons Came to the meek Like god’s grace and bountyYou are the antechamber to the sunYou are the hope’s prerequisite You are sought Seeker Terminus PrincipiaYou pulse in every chest adorn every idea then permit their realizationSpirit- spring, irreplaceableDelight of action and cognition.All the rest is pretext, fraud- the former, illness; the latter, cureWe’re jaundiced by that fraudHeart-set to slay an innocentDrunk, now on angel eyesNow on plain bread and soupTaste this intoxication, drop your ratiocination Savor these delectable Drop the debatablesA little bread and greensShould not entail so much trouble*Ghazal 1
Tracey Bond|Life is worth living when God throws His Divine dice in your favor. HE has slow-stirred my life with Wisdom and discernment about all manners of people; which is no secret agent in my soul sauce, it brings flavor to the taste buds of God's blessings in my life with extra side orders of favor.
Father John Nicholas Grou, S.J.|Is it not eminently just that I should give myself entirely and without reserve to Him Who drew me out of nothing, and Who at every moment of my life maintains the existence He has given me; Whom I have received all and from Whom I expect all, and without Whom I can never be happy?
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|God Is Not A Thief; the Devil Is the one that steals, kills and destroys.
Marty Rubin|In a godless universe, all we have is each other.
Andrew Chong|Spiritual Maturity is not how much of the bible you think you know, or how well you can recite prayers, but rather, it is how you act as a person, and use your belief in a God to better your life and the lives of people around you.
EverSkeptic|Dear God, Why don't you ever get inspired by those carmakers who recall defective models? Please be humble, accept that you made and mistake and recall all idiots, criminals, haters, terrorists and replace their defective minds.
Latika Teotia|God has removed some people from your life for a reason, respect that or else you won’t be able to live a life He wants you to. Do not keep going back to the people who have been removed from your life or who have hurt you. Be firm and stand up against the injustice that is being heaped on you. Refuse to be cowed down. Not putting up with the nonsense of others will not be construed as being rude or unkind, you will still continue to be a sweet, loving, kind and gentle person that you really are.
Latika Teotia|Do you feel that you are in a complicated situation today when nothing seems to be going right for you? Are you bewildered or baffled by what is happening around you? Relax! God always has our well being in mind. Reach out to Him, pray with all your heart, talk to Him about your fears, share your worries with Him and you will feel much lighter. You may even see the purpose of your present situation. A lady was having her breakfast, her 7 year old daughter, who was in a playful mood, accidentally dropped coffee on her. She yelled at her and had to go and change her clothes. When she came down, she found her child crying hysterically. It took a lot of time to pacify her and in the commotion the girl missed her school bus. She had to go and drop her to the school knowing full well that she was going to be late to office and would get hardly any time to prepare for an important presentation that she had to give later in the day. She cursed her fate, looked up to Heaven and muttered, “O God why me? Why did this happen on such an important day?” After dropping her daughter at her school she found that her office block, which was in a high rise building, had caught fire. The fire which had started two floors below had quickly spread to the rest of the floors and her colleagues were trapped in the building. Had she reached in time she too would have been one of them. Delay in reaching office had, in fact, saved her!So, look for God’s message in everything and have patience as well as faith.
Lydia Millet, Sweet Lamb of Heaven|Let God leave us! Let us grow up. Let us walk forward on our own. Because we need the silence of the holy: we need the sacred and equally we need its maddening silence. And in the curious privacy and relief of that silence we can go out into the chaos and commit a thousand acts of minor and gleeful splendor all our own. If it's our tragedy to be left by God, then let it also be our luck.
Mirabai Starr, The Showings of Julian of Norwich: A New Translation|Ever since that troublemaker Eve handed that gullible Adam the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil, they say, human beings have been continuously messing up and suffering the consequences. But in the depths of your darkest despair your Beloved calls to you: "Look," he says, and opens the fathomless beautiful wound of his heart so that you can peer inside. All creation is nestled there, bathed in beauty. "Do you see any sin here?" he asks. "Do you detect a shred of retribution?" You do not. All you perceive, from horizon to endless horizon, is love.
Mirabai Starr, The Showings of Julian of Norwich: A New Translation|Your God would never punish you for being a human being: this life itself is your penance...But it is also more than that: it is a crucible for transformation. Each trial, every loss, is an opportunity for you to meet suffering with love and make of it an offering, a prayer. The minute you lift your pain like a candle the darkness vanishes, and mercy comes rushing in to heal you.
Latika Teotia|Even though we keep talking about counting our blessings, looking at brighter side of things, being positive and so on, do we really practice them when things fall apart at the seams? That is the time we crib and grumble the most. “Why me? Why this? Why that?” and so on are the questions uppermost in our minds. That is the time to remember God’s innumerable mercies and Blessings showered on us in the past. That is the time to practice what you have been saying so many times. Rekindle your faith and Hold on to Him. Remember that there are still things to be thankful for.
Latika Teotia|If you hang to pain, hurt, embarrassment, guilt and such emotions you will find that they will dominate your life. They won’t allow you to move on unless you make a conscious effort to deal with them and free yourself. Talking to friends, family or to God can help remove the burden from your chest and make you feel better.
Latika Teotia|When in doubt, look inwards and honestly count your blessings. We often grumble when things go wrong or when we get hurt. We are prone to crib about what we don’t have and forget to see what we already have. Comparing yourself with the good fortune of others is bound to bring a lot of misery in its wake. If you really want to get into that comparison mood then compare yourself with those who are less fortunate. A man who had just lost his job was sitting dejectedly in his balcony and watching people pass by when his eyes fell on a beggar who was rummaging through garbage for some food. The man in the balcony felt happy that at least he had enough to eat and was not reduced to what the beggar was doing. The beggar saw a one legged man who was hobbling around on crutches and felt happy that he had all his limbs intact. The one legged man saw a man being taken in a wheel chair and counted himself fortunate that he could at least move around on his own. The man in the wheel chair saw a hearse taking away a dead body and thanked God that he was alive.
Joshua Harris, Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship|We can't change by fancy methods. We can't change by mere willpower. But God's Spirit working in us can help us to "will and to act according to his good purpose" (Philippians 2:13).
Anthony T. Hincks|We don't live as God intended us to, but we live as the Devil wants us to.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|I am an advocate of godliness, not of god.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|Hard as it may sound, no god has saved anything or anyone in human history. It is the humans who have done so.
Md. Ziaul Haque|As humans dominate the world, then logically someone dominates the entire universe and that ‘someone’ is God!
Latika Teotia|Whatever is happening to me is for my good; I have full faith in God. He will never do something that is not good for us nor will He ever forsake us. He works in mysterious ways and keeps an eye on each one of us. Therefore, I will continue on my path and continue doing what I’m doing as also what I want to do. I’ll not hold myself back. If there is a mess around me, I’ll work even harder to turn it into something positive; perhaps God has a message for me, I’ll try to find it. My faith in the Good Lord is unshakeable.
Elie Wiesel, Night|Man comes closer to God through the questions he asks Him, he liked to say.
Latika Teotia|Whatever you do, do it if it brings you peace. If in doubt look up to God and seek His guidance. In fact seek His blessings before starting anything and you won’t go wrong.
Peter James, The House on Cold Hill|The history of the human race doesn’t make happy reading, does it? I’ve seen a lot of sadness during my time, but I’ve seen seen a lot of things that have kept my faith in humanity alive too. If there were no bad things in the world, we’d have nothing to measure the good against, would we? The light can only shine in darkness.
Latika Teotia|Don’t allow the challenges of life to break you. Remember all the good things God has done, and fill your heart with…
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Our world no longer hears God because it is constantly speaking, at a devastating speed and volume, in order to say nothing.
Nezahualcóyotl|The Giver of Life enrages us,He intoxicates us here.No one is at His sideto be famous, to rule on Earth.
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|So, you're the Santa Claus of the magic world with a naughty and nice list?
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|Kissing her wasn't just a kiss. It was a full-body, mid-altering experience.
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|I promise if you come to my car I won't cuff you unless..." his voice dropped in a sensuous tone, "...that's what you want.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|...hope is never wasted. Even if what I hoped for did not come to fruition as I had imagined, as I had hoped. Hope is placing the beautifully vulnerable parts of ourselves, our raw selves, into His hands. I believe hope moves His heart; but hope also moves our hearts into His hands. Hope builds trust.
S. G. Norris|Jesus was not just a man filled with the baptism of the Holy Spirit, or blessed with the presence of God, like the prophets of the Old Testament. The fullnesss of that wonderful presence of the Lord's Spirit Being, not just a part of it, was incarnated in the body of Jesus Christ and flowed out from Him.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|I craved to make my faith as real as possible, which meant being recklessly honest in His presence.
Tony Evens|You are a masterpiece. A painting. A poem. A song. A statue. A work of art. Think of yourself that way. Embrace yourself that way. Honor yourself that way. In doing so you are honoring Him who made you.But you don't feel like a masterpiece/Thats ok because I'm not talking about your emotions. I'm talking about you. Those feelings are real, but in a sense, they are irrelevant because they don't change the facts.You are a masterpiece whether you feel like one or not.You may feel like a failure, but God says you are his workmanship, created n Christ Jesus for good works. Thats the reality you need to focus on when your feelings tell you something else. God will raise your feelings up to your destiny, don't lower your destiny down to your feelings.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Isn't forgiveness a holy virtue? And if so, then why do we insist on keeping historical records of resentment? Is the Creator an advocate of love or hate? And if love, then why are we still pushing so much hatred? What is there ever to be gained from vocalizing hatred? Only more hatred. Who wants that? And why?
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Do something purposeful and wise so that when God sent his blessings, they will fall on it.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you leave your soil untilled, you will not benefit from God’s rain. Even if God pours down a heavy rainfall, it will only grow weeds on your land.
Jimvirle/Jinvirle|God cannot resist the man who desires Him ardently. The chief reason why we do not find God is we do not desire Him ardently enough. Like air, the day you desire God as desperately as you desired to breathe, you will surely find Him.
Bethany Kaczmarek, Strains of Silence|If it meant brighter stars, she would follow God into the darkness.
Joshua Harris, Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship|And He was the one who invented marriage so that the blazing fire of romantic love could become something even more beautiful - a pulsing, red-hot ember of covenant love in marriage.Why did He do it? For the same reason that He made sunsets and mountain ranges and fireflies! Because He's good. Because He wants to give us a million different opportunities to see just how wonderful He is.
Joyce Rachelle|How strange it is beholding this,and, very confident,proclaim that such magnificenceoccurred by accident.
Enock Maregesi|Usiingilie mambo ya mtu mwingine bila kibali kutoka kwa Mungu. Kuingilia mambo ya mtu mwingine bila kibali kutoka kwa Mungu ni dhambi. Dhambi hiyo itakuathiri. Hivyo, jali mambo yako – ya mwingine Mungu anayafanyia kazi – hadi utakapoitwa na Mungu kuingilia kati. Kuingilia kati mambo ya mtu mwingine kunaweza kuathiri mpango wa Mungu katika maisha yake. Hivyo, acha.
Enock Maregesi|Wewe kuingilia mambo ya John ni sawa na kusema, ‘Mungu umeshindwa hebu ngoja na mimi nijaribu; ngoja niingilie kati kukusaidia juu ya maisha ya John Doe.’ Hiyo ni dhambi. Tena ni dhambi kubwa. Unajifananisha na Mungu; kwamba Mungu wa John Doe ameshindwa kwa hiyo mungu wewe ndiye utakayemtatulia matatizo yake. Amri kuu ya kwanza ya Mungu inasema, ‘Usiwe na miungu mingine ila mimi.’ Kuingilia mambo ya John tayari umevunja amri ya kwanza ya Mungu kwa kujifanya Mungu. Mungu ana mpango na maisha ya John, na anatumia matatizo yake kumfikisha kwenye takdiri aliyompangia. Hivyo, wewe si Mungu, acha Mungu afanye kazi yake. Mungu akikuruhusu kuingilia kati, yaani John akiamua kwa hiari yake mwenyewe kukuomba msaada wa mawazo au ushauri, maana yake ni kwamba Mungu amekuchagua wewe kuwa sehemu ya mafanikio ya John Doe.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|There used to be a time when i thought of god i'd look to the power in the sky, now when i think of god i look at the power within myself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God, please give us more grace!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|There is but one supremacy... and it remains known and unknown to it's human creation... of many hues, shapes and sizes.
Euginia Herlihy|God is the greatest problem solver, without Him we are doomed.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Don't envy results, seek to know the process. Don't want a man's glory till you hear his story. Sometimes what you see is not even the destination, it's just the current location but the result of a long journey. God sometimes would bring you to a point where it is much more than the gift...He captures your heart. My friend, not everything in the kingdom is a gift, somethings are rewards.
Enock Maregesi|Mungu ana uwezo wa kukuwekea ulinzi kulia na kushoto yaani anayekulinda naye ana mlinzi wake. Lakini wakati mwingine anaacha ufuate kile ambacho moyo wako unataka kwa sababu hataki kukulazimisha ijapokuwa uwezo huo anao. Mungu hakukuumba kuwa roboti. Alikuumba kuwa huru kuchagua mema au mabaya usije ukamlaumu baadaye kwamba ulimchagua yeye kwa sababu hukuwa na uhuru. Msikilize Roho wa Mungu, kabla na katika kila jambo unalofanya.
Mahrukh|HE wants you to feel HIM in any possible way you can, but you lazy bird, come on, make a step and you will feel all you got to feel.
Mahrukh|You cannot describe the beauty of nature in words, you cannot capture the feeling of God in camera. Its about the moment you set yourself free and live it.
Mahrukh|The way a stream is connected to its source, the same way our souls are connected to their source.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|The Kingdom of God is a tricky concept, and I was always taught it referred to our heavenly reward for being good, which, now that I actually read the Bible for myself, makes very little sense. Others say that the Kingdom of God is another way of talking about the church, and still others say that it's the dream God has for the wholeness of the world, a dream being made true little by little among us right here, right now. My answer? All of the above.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|He could breathe more freely in a lighter air. He was responsible only to himself for the things he did. Freedom! He was his own master at last. From old habit, unconsciously he thanked God that he no longer believed in Him.
Steven Kotler, Stealing Fire: How Silicon Valley, the Navy SEALs, and Maverick Scientists Are Revolutionizing the Way We Live and Work|When deeply religious subjects view sacred iconography or reflect on their notion of God, brain scans reveal hyperactivity in the caudate nucleus, a part of the pleasure system that correlates with feelings of joy, love, and serenity. But Lindstrom and Calvert found that this same brain region lights up when subjects view images associated with strong brands like Ferrari or Apple.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|God is not anybody's problem, nor are the many paths to him. However, man is God's problem. Most of the problems across the land are due to man's hand. Men playing God. Men tampering with the divine plan. If it was all left to God then there would be peace among all living things. Yet man is his own enemy. People doubt Satan exists, but he has always existed in left eye of every man. In the moon of man, which harbors the ego of man. Only when you train yourself to see only through your right eye, which reflects the sun, conscience and heart of man - will you have truly defeated Satan. Know which eye reflects the heart and which reflects the mind and only then will you really begin to see the light. Truth can only be seen by those with truth in them.
Latika Teotia|God’s simple Blessings are nothing short of miracles. That rain drop trapped in a leaf, that glistening dew drop which has just caught the first rays of a new born sun, that sweet song of the Nightingale, those beautiful wooly clouds with their unique designs (have you ever noticed that clouds never make the same design twice- and we humans struggle to draw something new or write something unique), the pit pit patter of the rain creating a music of its own. These are but some of His Blessings that make me look up in awe at our Creator. So caught up are we in our daily lives with our monotonous routine that we fail to notice the millions of miracles happening all around us. Pause. Look around. Notice. Feel. Life is not just about rushing through. It’s also about taking a break.
Joyce Meyer|I am not where I need to be, but thank God I am not where I used to be.
C R Lord|It is a horrible thing that those who oppose Christ oppose themselves and in their opposition to Christ they are bound by Satan and enslaved by his lies and temptations.We may rightly say; "I once was blind but now I see." Now as we have been enlightened by the Holy Spirit we should be able to care enough about those who are still bound to pray that God would have the same mercy on them that he has given freely to us."C R Lord 2017
E.M. Forster, Howard's End|While the Gods are powerful, we learn little about them. It is only in their day of decadence that a strong light beats into heaven.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever loves God, pray for purity.
Annette Spratte, The Way of Life|I acknowledged that God is the sovereign Lord and I gave myself up completely. I guess it’s a little bit like committing suicide, only with a higher purpose.
Manuel Corazzari|Everyone is looking for a miracle, when God puts in your heart the desire to pursue after your dreams, that's a miracle!
Joyce Meyer|Sadly, many people don't make it through the storms of life. Or they give up or they start doing and saying foolish things and abort the journey altogether.It is easy to begin, but God is looking for people who will finish.The apostle Paul declared the stand that he would take in order to complete his journey:, But none of these things move me; neither do I esteem my life dear to myself, if only I may finish my course with joy. Acts 20:24
Sally Lloyd-Jones, The Jesus Storybook Bible: Every Story Whispers His Name|But Jesus could see inside people. And inside, in their hearts, Jesus saw that they did not love God or other people. They were running away from God, and they thought they didn't need a rescuer. They thought they were good enough because they kept the rules. But sin had stopped their hearts from working properly. And their hearts were hard and cold. "This woman knows she's a sinner," Jesus told them. "She knows she'll never be good enough. She knows she needs me to rescue her. That's why she loves me so much. You look down on this woman because you don't look up to God. She is sinful on the outside-but you are sinful on the inside.
Arash Tabish|Some people sometimes asked me. Don't you feel sad when all these horrible things to our people, our nation and our brothers and sisters in religion? Then i tell them . Yes, i do feel sad, it hurt me so much and make me sad so much when i see people suffers no matter who they are and what are their believe, nationality or colour. Sometimes even i don't want to stay alive and i prayed many times to be dead cause when watching people that suffers, it give me so much pain and it hurt me so much that i can not take it. That is why i tell you always and will keep telling u that stop hurting, hating people who is not like, or does not believe like how u believe. Stop listening to those who are telling u that but hurting these kinds of people you will earn God's blessing. That is not true, try to use your brain and don't ever buy those nonsense. We don't mean to suffer our life, we mean to enjoy living and spending our time beside each other.
Latika Teotia|Difficult times always make us realize the true value of good times. Only a hungry person can appreciate the taste of a loaf of bread- however hard and old that loaf may be. Only a homeless person can truly appreciate the value of a roof over the head- even if it’s in an old unpainted building. Only the blind can appreciate the true value of sight- even if it’s hazy. And so on. So problems and difficulties teach us to better appreciate the good times. They are very important or else our lives would be partial. God is ALWAYS with us; never think, even in your wildest dreams, that He can ever forsake us. If you have been through only good times, you may have forgotten Him, because you were too busy celebrating and enjoying life. He was always there watching over you and keeping you out of harm’s way. It is only during your difficult times that you turn to Him. When things get out of hand you started cribbing and complaining that He has left you to the wolves. No, that’s not true; He was and is always there by your side. He’s now busy solving your problems and showing you a way out of the mess you are in. It is, perhaps, His way of showing the other side of life; of making you realize that things do go wrong and sunshine as well as rain should be taken in your stride. He sends rain to you to make you appreciate the warmth of sunny days. He puts you through difficult times to teach you the value of good times. It’s His way of teaching you to see the silver lining. You will not crib about the huge electricity bill, because you are earning enough to afford a good house with lights and heating gadgets to keep it warm. You will not feel irritated with the out of tune singer in the row behind you because it means that you can hear well. You will not feel miffed with your daughter for having dropped coffee on your clothes, because it means you have a family to come home to. Appreciate what you have and have thank the Lord for all that He has given you instead of crying for what you don’t have.
Sally Lloyd-Jones, The Jesus Storybook Bible: Every Story Whispers His Name|Jesus told them, "God is like the dad who couldn't stop loving his boy, And people are like the son who said, "Does my dad really want me to be happy?" Jesus told people this story to show them what God is like. And to show people what they are like. So they could know, however far they ran, however well they hid, however lost they were- it wouldn't matter. Because God's children could never run to far, or be too lost, for God to find them.
Aaron R. Yilmaz, Deliver Us From Evolution?: A Christian Biologist's In-Depth Look at the Evidence Reveals a Surprising Harmony Between Science and God|During the Allied invasion of World War II, hundreds of life-like rubber dummy paratroopers were dropped into the French countryside. These distractions drew German fire away from the Allies and wasted a great deal of the Germans' ammunition and other military resources. While the Germans were busy firing at dummies, Allied troops were busy sneaking behind enemy lines. The real battle was taking place elsewhere, while the unwitting Germans were squandering their firepower and energy on mere rubber dummies.1 I submit to you, as Christians we are attacking the “rubber dummy” of evolution, while the real enemy slips past us unnoticed and unchallenged. How will we answer God on judgment day when He asks us why we pointlessly besieged so many distractions, meanwhile the real battle was taking place elsewhere?
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Might God, Eternal Father.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we study the Holy Scripture, the spirit shall minister to us the depths of truth of GOD.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Ah, what an awe great God!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Most High God, how excellent is thy Holy name.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the knowledge of God ,we perish.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you find God, you shall be free forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we need help, we must cry to the Most High God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the morning, lift my hands towards the heavens. And surrender my heart in prayer to the Most High God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we delight in God, He shall give us our hearts desires.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What a man may value highly, is detestable in God’s sight.
Kelsey Brickl, Wolves and Urchins: The Early Life of Inspector Javert|Praying to the Almighty, Javert?” called a voice, and Javert opened his eyes to see Rousseau and Leclerc smirking at him. Javert tipped his head and said to the others,"If I was, it would be awfully rude to interrupt my prayer, don’t you think? But, no, Leclerc. I find no solace in speaking with an imaginary puppeteer.”Rousseau, who was twenty-five and utterly dim of mind, frowned at Javert’s words. Javert rolled his eyes and sighed,"I don’t pray.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you take each step, as if it was your last. You would appreciate the world in all its glory and bask in the glory of god for in his wisdom he created us and the universe all around us.
H.G. Wells, The Undying Fire|But I have believed always and taught always that what God demands from man is his utmost effort to cooperate and understand. I have taught the imagination, first and most; I have made knowledge, knowledge of what man is and what man's world is and what man may be, which is the adventure of mankind, the substance of all my teaching.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When God wins your heart, He has won it forever.
Hanne Ørstavik, Like sant som jeg er virkelig|I wondered who in this room I would go to if I had problems. Anyone my own age looked silly, immature, unfocused. The older ones seemed too perfect and uptight. I couldn't find anyone I'd confide in. The only person I trusted here in this group, apart from God, was myself.
Hanne Ørstavik, Like sant som jeg er virkelig|I look out of the window again. The rain is trickling down silently, evenly, like the tears that cover my face. Perhaps God is in the water, in the raindrops. I put my hand against the cold pane to be close to Him. To be as close as I can without imposing.
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|Be gentle and forbearing with one another and, if one has a difference(a grievance or complaint) against another, readily pardoning each other; even as the Lord has [freely] forgiven you, so must you also [forgive]. ( Colossians 3:13 )
Lailah Gifty Akita|Until God draws you to himself, can you come close to Him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Everlasting love, unfailing kindness.
Deyth Banger, The Diary 2|Kira is our god,That's who does in this world justice, It's not KARMA!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is just one true God (I AM), and He is the giver of life! We have just one lifetime chance to live life! Let us therefore devote our one lifetime to His service, in truth and in spirit, loving Him fully with our lips, mind and heart, no matter what, with all necessary humility, courage and true understanding, knowing that regardless who we are, as we live or when death ends our journey of life, we remain accountable to the giver of life!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is just one true God (I AM), and He is the giver of life! We have just one lifetime chance to live life! Let us therefore devote our one lifetime to His service, in truth and in spirit, loving Him fully with our lips, mind and heart, no matter what, knowing that regardless of who we are, when death ends our journey of life, we remain accountable to the giver of life!
Lailah Gifty, Akita|For lack of knowledge of the Holy One, we perish in sin of hell.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|Until a man love God, can he love his neighbour.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Righteousness is of God, the righteous Ruler.
SWAMI SHARNANAND JI, ASCENT TRICONFLUENT|It is amazing that we run after the world which constantly spurns us, and turn our back upon the Lord who is ever ready to take us in to His arms.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the knowledge of God, we are in complete darkness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The spirit calls, I must surrender.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no greater life, than to love God. And to love thy neighbor as thyself.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|True respect respects all men, it values all people.
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|Sigmund Freud, the father of psychiatry and an atheist, theorized that one’s attitude toward one’s father largely shaped one’s attitude toward God.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|People will rather pass by the weak, the lame, the beggars, the orphans, the tormented, the widows and take their large offerings to church, to the man of God who already has a mansion and jets , what a shallow mindedness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Thank God for all my troubles, he made me trust in Him.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Every man wants commendation, so do not just commend your boss, commend those who are under you.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Every man wants to be appreciated, so do not just commend your secretary, commend your wife at home tooThe world judges people by money and status in the society, educational achievements, even racial background, this is unfortunate.
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|Any moral system that is detached from God, no matter how noble and sincerely held, will likewise fail.
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|We live in a world filled with evil and moral confusion. There is only one way out: affirmation of a God Whose primary demand of us is that we treat our fellow human beings decently. Faith in any god who makes any other primary demand will ultimately fail to solve the problem of evil. And any moral system that is detached from God, no matter how noble and sincerely held, will likewise fail
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|If you cannot treat everyone with same respect as you give to your pastor, then you are a fake person.
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|Without God, right and wrong are just personal beliefs. Personal opinions. I think shoplifting is okay, you don’t.
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|Unless there is a God, all morality is just opinion and belief. And virtually every atheist philosopher has acknowledged this.
Haile Selassie I (1891-1975)|Today man sees all his hopes and aspirations crumbling before him. He is perplexed and knows not whither he is drifting. But he must realize that the Bible is his refuge and the rallying point for all humanity. In it, man will find the solution of his present difficulties and guidance for his future action, and unless he accepts with clear conscience the Bible and its great Message, he cannot hope for salvation. For my part, I glory in the BibleHaile Selassie I (1891-1975)Emperor of Ethiopia
Joe Hill, The Fireman|The Incas were right to worship the sun, Father. God is fire. Combustion is the one inarguable blessing. A tree, oil, coal, a man, a civilization, a soul. They've all got to burn sometime. The warmth made by their passing may be the salvation of others. The ultimate value of the Bible, the Constitution, or any work of literature, really, is that they all burn very well, and for a while they keep back the cold.
Frank Sheed, Theology and Sanity|The less instructed atheist will ask whether God can make a weight so heavy that He cannot lift it, in the happy belief that, whichever answer we give, we shall admit that there is something God cannot do. But the question is literally meaningless: a weight than an omnipotent Being cannot lift is as complete a contradiction in terms as a four-sided triangle. In either case the words are English, but do not mean anything because they cancel each other out. There is no point in piling together a lot of words, regardless of their meaning, and then asking triumphantly: 'Can God make that?' God can do anything, but a contradiction in terms is not a thing at all. It is nothing. God Himself could not make a four-sided triangle or a weight that Almighty power could not lift. They are inconceivable, they are nothing; and nothing--to give a slightly different emphasis to Scripture--is impossible to God.
Martin Luther, Freedom of a Christian|Lo! my God, without merit on my part, of His pure and free mercy, has given to me (an unworthy, condemned, and contemptible creature) all the riches of justification and salvation in Christ.For such a Father then, who has overwhelmed me with these inestimable riches of His, why should I not freely, cheerfully, with my whole heart and with an eager will, do all that I know will be pleasing to Him, and acceptable in His sight?I will therefore give myself, as a sort of Christ, to my neighbor, as Christ has given Himself to me; and will do nothing in this life, except what I see will be needful, advantageous, and wholesome for my neighbor, since by faith I abound in all good things in Christ.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad?" Jesus asked."Yes, son?" God replied."Do we still have any wrapping paper?" Jesus asked."No, we don't. I used it all to make butterflies," God answered."Butterflies?" Jesus asked bewildered."Yes, butterflies," God said."Why?" Jesus now asked."Well, sometimes there is no rain so that means no rainbows. And then sometimes people walk alone or don't look at other people and so that don't see any smiles either. So I cut up the wrapping paper and made butterflies for the people of Earth to see and look at so they would smile.""That's lovely dad, but what about moths?" Jesus asked."They're just small butterflies," God answered.Jesus laughed, "I love butterflies.""I know," God said as he smiled at his son.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|If you want to help anybody, go help people in need.
Simon Winchester, Krakatoa: The Day the World Exploded|The scientific world of the time was in the midst of a terrible ferment, with discoveries and realizations coming at an unseemly rate. To many in the ranks of the conservative and the devout, the new theories of geology and biology were delivering a series of hammer blows to mankind's self-regard. Geologists in particular seemed to have gone berserk, to have thrown off all sense of proper obeisance to their Maker... Mankind, it seemed, was now suddenly rather – dare one say it? – insignificant. He may not have been, as he had eternally supposed, specially created.
Jaye L. Knight, Tyra|All things are important to Elôm, even the little things.
Sunday Adelaja, Insulted by Ungodliness: Raising a Generation of the Provoked in Every Nation|Anyone with a form of godliness is promoting ungodliness, whether ignorantly or knowingly.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|Courage is the starting point of everything good. To love another is to automatically feed the fire of courage. We cannot be humiliated when we are fighting for someone or something we love. We will not give up when we are fighting for loved ones. As we evolve, our loved ones extend out from our family to include all of humanity. Courage and confidence will grow over the years with practice and self-awareness. We are never alone. God will help us. Such is the courage which gains respect from others. More importantly, we gain respect for ourselves.
Sunday Adelaja, Insulted by Ungodliness: Raising a Generation of the Provoked in Every Nation|When you see injustice among the nations, you will find out that the root cause is covetousnes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as a child is conceived in a womb of a woman, miraculously, so is grace freely given by God, in sacred moment of salvation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God you are so good, you gives what is needful.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|To some believers, being on the pill or using a condom is a nonverbal way of telling God to go to hell.
Dr. W. L. Stiger|I saw God wash the world last nightWith His sweet showers on high and then when morning came i saw Him hang it out to dryHe washed it each blade of grassand every trembling tree;He flung His showers against the hills and swept the rolling seathe white rose is a cleaner whitethe red, a richer redSince God washed every fragrant faceand put them to bedtheres not a bird theres not a beethe wings along the way but is a cleaner bird or beethan it was yesterdayi saw God wash the world last nightah would He wash meas clean of all my dust and dirtas that old birch tree!
Fakeer Ishavardas|Little people make tall claims. As being this-that avatar or messiah. Some even say they're God. Well, if they are, I'm their grand-pop.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I'm joking when I say I'm the grand-pop of those claiming to be an avatar-messiah or god. But if they're serious, then, I am who I am.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as a child is freely given, so is God's grace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as is child is conceived in a womb of a woman, miraculously, so is grace freely given by God, in sacred moment of salvation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God you are so good, you give what we need.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Grace is freely given by God, in sacred moment of salvation.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Grace freely given by God,
Bruce L. Shelley, Church History in Plain Language|If we see some admirable work of human art, we are at once eager to investigate the nature, the manner, the end of its production; and the contemplation of the works of God stirs us with an incomparably greater longing to learn the principles, the method, the purpose of creation. This desire, this passion, has without doubt been implanted in us by God. And as the eye seeks light, as our body craves food, so our mind is impressed with the . . . natural desire to know the truth of God and the causes of what we observe." --Origen(185-254)
Bianca Olthoff|Why do deprivation, adversity, scarcity, and suffering often produce the best character qualities in us while prosperity, ease, and abundance often produce the worst? There is an invisible pattern in the design of deprivation: deprivation draws out desire. Absence heightens it.
R.J.  Lawrence|Against ignorance, God Himself is helpless.
Timothy J. Keller, Generous Justice: How God's Grace Makes Us Just|If believers in God don't honor the cries and claims of the poor, we don't honor him, whatever we profess, because we hide his beauty from the eyes of the world. When we pour ourselves out for the poor—that gets the world's notice.
Kyle Idleman, Gods at War: Defeating the Idols that Battle for Your Heart|God cannot and will not give us a sense of lasting pleasure apart from him, because it violates his purpose and our design. Psalm 34:8 reads, “Taste and see that the LORD is good.
Josh Billings|Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The disciples of Jesus Christ, believes in God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I look to you, O GOD.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Trust in God, the only wise God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I trust God that through all life changes , He is in control.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fill your mind , with the mind of God, meditate on the Holy Scripture.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Holy, Holy, Holy is the Lord God!
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the Holy Scripture, we shall grow in our knowledge of Jesus Christ, the Saviour. And be filled with the fullness of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God is love, as we love we become like God
Lailah Gifty Akita|The grandeur of God, the glory of His majesty.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If God has given us life, He is capable of any other thing.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|It goes without saying that even those of us who are going to hell will get eternal life—if that territory really exists outside religious books and the minds of believers, that is. Having said that, given the choice, instead of being grilled until hell freezes over, the average sane human being would, needless to say, rather spend forever idling in an extremely fertile garden, next to a lamb or a chicken or a parrot, which they do not secretly want to eat, and a lion or a tiger or a crocodile, which does not secretly want to eat them.
Emily Ann Benedict, Perception|You're my guardian angel, Abbey," she said as she climbed into the car."No, not really, Sam. I'm just a messenger.""But that’s what angels are. That’s how God says, 'I'm here, and it's going to be all right.
Lailah Gifty Akita|keep searching, keep seeking.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We must seek the inner self, the power within.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Submit to the Father of spirit, God.
Dr Paul Gitwaza|There is only one room that the Devil can't dare enter in unless if you let him, and that, is your heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If the saints fails to declare the truth, the Holy Spirit shall teach true words of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With trust in God, we can triumph in times of troubles.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we fix our eyes on Jesus Christ, He will perfect our faith in God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Truly, truly, the grace of God is never without any effect.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever wishes to be saved, should call on the Saviour, THE LORD JESUS CHRIST.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|God living in you will mean nothing to you, it might not be of any worth to you until you act on some things.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|You carry God, hence you have a worth.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|No man was born empty, every man was born with a worth.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|What makes a man worthy and that which gives him worth is not tittle and status, it is the mere fact that he is human being, created in God's own image.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Every man you see upon the earth has some value within him already, hence you should treat every man you come across on earth with that worth and appreciation.
Latika Teotia|God always answers our prayers; if there is a delay, it is because He has something better in mind for us. Don’t give up- we commit the mistake of giving up too soon thinking that God has forgotten us little realizing that He never forsakes His children. If you feel your prayers have not been answered, then keep praying, increase the intensity of your prayers till He gives you what you want.
Latika Teotia|Never lose faith in God. Remember that He is always there by our side watching over us and steering us in the right direction. We are continuously evolving into better human beings and growing spiritually. It is during this process of evolution that we become confused, restless, depressed and even hostile because we are not aware of this change in us. We may even feel that God has forsaken us- which couldn’t be farther from the truth, because He will never leave you, no matter how difficult the times may be. It is this ignorance that is the cause of all our miseries and confusions; the realization comes only once we share our worries with someone knowledgeable who tells us about God and His mysterious ways of working. So never lose faith, always repose your trust in God.
Leo Tolstoy|Our life has been joined, not by man, but by God. That union can only be severed by a crime, and a crime of that nature brings its own chastisement.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|After all, when ‘the Lord saw how great the wickedness of the human race had become’ He resolved to ‘wipe from the face of the earth the human race I have created – and with them the animals, the birds and the creatures that move along the ground – for I regret that I have made them’ (Genesis 6:7). The Bible thinks it is perfectly all right to destroy all animals as punishment for the crimes of Homo sapiens, as if the existence of giraffes, pelicans and ladybirds has lost all purpose if humans misbehave. The Bible could not imagine a scenario in which God repents having created Homo sapiens, wipes this sinful ape off the face of the earth, and then spends eternity enjoying the antics of ostriches, kangaroos and panda bears.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Blessed Saviour, blameless LORD.
Ivinela Samuilova, Къде отиваш, пътнико?|Дойдох на Камино, защото страдах, че никой не ме обича. И днес, пред железния кръст горе, за пръв път в живота си се замислих колко болезнено трябва да е за Бог, че ние не Го обичаме.
Dennis Lehane, Live by Night|We all know who you are, Mr. Coughlin. Famous Yankee gangster. Friend of the colonel. It would be safer for a man to swim into the middle of the ocean and cut his own throat than to threaten you.' He solemnly made the sign of the cross. 'But when people starve and have nowhere to go, where would you have them end up?' 'Not on my land,' Joe said.'But it is not your land. It's God's. You are renting it. This rum? This life?' He patted his chest. 'We are all just renting from God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without godliness, we are unable to see God.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Just like you silly bums, I have a personal sky god. I bow to him, as you do to your airy-fairy sod. He prefers I call him Mr. NOT.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To break yourself loose from the dominion, ruler-ship and manipulation of the devil, you have to embrace light (knowledge).
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The only reason for your intimidation by the devil, and your being afraid of him, or what he can do is because you are living in ignorance (darkness) which is his territory.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you live in darkness, you live under the rulership of the devil.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Why the world remembers nothing of some certain people, the same world cannot forget some other people the reason is the difference in net worth they were able to build while on earth.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Irrespective of where you are, where you were born, what you can do or cannot do, irrespective of your starting capital in life, you can raise your value so high that you are needed for the most important jobs.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|While you were born with a self-worth and is a gift of God to you to begin your life with, your net worth is what you build here on earth and what you choose to do with the resources and gifts that you have been given.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|You have something already, you have a worth, self-worth.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|A man though carrying God may be of no worth to himself, to his family, to his nation and to the people around him.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you know that you know to the extent of committing your life to a just cause, then nothing will be able to stop you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you have committed all things to impacting a life at a time, or impacting a community or society, then welcome to a life of significance.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When it comes to greatness, God doesn’t choose for man.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|I never attempt to take away people’s God from them, because that God is associated with a lot of human sentiments in the human psyche that act as fuel in daily survival. If you try to take away some hungry man’s stale bread, he would fight back, but if you give him something healthier and more substantial than the bread, then he would throw away the bread himself and accept your better food. The same is for God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we desire to be close to Spirit of God, we desire to dwell in clean soul with a clean body.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We must clean ourselves of any impurity.We must clear our cities of any dirt."For God has not called us to uncleanness, but to holiness." 1 Thessalonians 4:7
Lailah Gifty Akita|We are saved by the sanctification of the Spirit and by faith in the truth of Christ Jesus, Son of God.
Harrish Sairaman|Believing in God is great, getting obsessed with it is the problem
Lailah Gifty Akita|O God, please give us grace to do the good we must do.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As a result, they do not live the rest of their earthly lives for evil human desires, but rather for the will of God. I Peter 4:2
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we desire God, we shall seek His Kingdom.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Who can we claim to know God, and deny him by our actions.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we love God, we shall desire godliness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|A person could waste an important part of his living if he refuses to come into significance; if he refuses to impact lives around, the family and in the community or in the society.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Your anger towards ungodliness, towards injustice and the likes, will create a hunger in you to fulfill a particular purpose meant for you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The principles of godliness must be ensured to be received by all in the community, city and the nation, even by the young and old.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If it is only one thing in life that you have or allowed to discover, then it must be your significance.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Godliness must be presented with its profit and incentives, not only for the good of the nation and society, but of eternal value.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When what you are insulted by meets what you have a strong desire to do, then that would bring you significance.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you live for the purpose of making a difference for the people, for society, for the things that are beyond you, then significance will not be able to elude you.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When you have discovered your significance, your life will now begin to move towards making a difference.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|In the pursuit of wholeness, there will surely be challenges but you need to keep going.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Your purpose is more than just being happy, but it’s about making others to be blessed and happy.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When your life gets to the stage of being mindful and concerned with impacting and blessing lives, then you are pursuing wholeness as an individual.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|After you have made the discovery of your own significance, you would then be able to find the reason to stay alive.
Maurice Switzer|It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Mark Twain|Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
John Lennon|Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
Langston Hughes|Hold fast to dreams,For if dreams dieLife is a broken-winged bird,That cannot fly.
Mark Twain|In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.
Confucius|By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|It's a dangerous business, Frodo, going out your door. You step onto the road, and if you don't keep your feet, there's no knowing where you might be swept off to.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|There are three things all wise men fear: the sea in storm, a night with no moon, and the anger of a gentle man.
Albert Einstein|I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Colette|You will do foolish things, but do them with enthusiasm.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Kahlil Gibran|Trees are poems the earth writes upon the sky, We fell them down and turn them into paper,That we may record our emptiness.
Bob Marley|Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.
Jimi Hendrix|Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|I am looking for friends. What does that mean -- tame?""It is an act too often neglected," said the fox. "It means to establish ties." "To establish ties?" "Just that," said the fox. "To me, you are still nothing more than a little boy who is just like a hundred thousand other little boys. And I have no need of you. And you, on your part, have no need of me. To you I am nothing more than a fox like a hundred thousand other foxes. But if you tame me, then we shall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, I shall be unique in all the world....
Bram Stoker, Dracula|We learn from failure, not from success!
Winston S. Churchill|Never, never, never give in!
Voltaire|The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.
Laurell K. Hamilton|There comes a point when you either embrace who and what you are, or condemn yourself to be miserable all your days. Other people will try to make you miserable; don't help them by doing the job yourself.
Anne Bradstreet|Authority without wisdom is like a heavy axe without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters|Sometimes one likes foolish people for their folly, better than wise people for their wisdom.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Mockingbirds don’t do one thing but make music for us to enjoy. They don’t eat up people’s gardens, don’t nest in corncribs, they don’t do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That’s why it’s a sin to kill a mockingbird.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.
A.A. Milne|Sometimes, if you stand on the bottom rail of a bridge and lean over to watch the river slipping slowly away beneath you, you will suddenly know everything there is to be known.
Jalaluddin Rumi|This being human is a guest house. Every morning is a new arrival. A joy, a depression, a meanness, some momentary awareness comes as an unexpected visitor...Welcome and entertain them all. Treat each guest honorably. The dark thought, the shame, the malice, meet them at the door laughing, and invite them in. Be grateful for whoever comes, because each has been sent as a guide from beyond.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Wisdom cannot be imparted. Wisdom that a wise man attempts to impart always sounds like foolishness to someone else ... Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
Abraham Lincoln|Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what books he reads.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism, and Selected Critical Prose|The public have an insatiable curiosity to know everything, except what is worth knowing.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|As much money and life as you could want! The two things most human beings would choose above all - the trouble is, humans do have a knack of choosing precisely those things that are worst for them.
Alan W. Watts|We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society.
C. JoyBell C.|You're going to meet many people with domineering personalities: the loud, the obnoxious, those that noisily stake their claims in your territory and everywhere else they set foot on. This is the blueprint of a predator. Predators prey on gentleness, peace, calmness, sweetness and any positivity that they sniff out as weakness. Anything that is happy and at peace they mistake for weakness. It's not your job to change these people, but it's your job to show them that your peace and gentleness do not equate to weakness. I have always appeared to be fragile and delicate but the thing is, I am not fragile and I am not delicate. I am very gentle but I can show you that the gentle also possess a poison. I compare myself to silk. People mistake silk to be weak but a silk handkerchief can protect the wearer from a gunshot. There are many people who will want to befriend you if you fit the description of what they think is weak; predators want to have friends that they can dominate over because that makes them feel strong and important. The truth is that predators have no strength and no courage. It is you who are strong, and it is you who has courage. I have lost many a friend over the fact that when they attempt to rip me, they can't. They accuse me of being deceiving; I am not deceiving, I am just made of silk. It is they who are stupid and wrongly take gentleness and fairness for weakness. There are many more predators in this world, so I want you to be made of silk. You are silk.
C.S. Lewis|Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|I believe that what we become depends on what our fathers teach us at odd moments, when they aren't trying to teach us. We are formed by little scraps of wisdom.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|Wise? No, I simply learned to think.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|When a child asks you something, answer him, for goodness sake. But don't make a production of it. Children are children, but they can spot an evasion faster than adults, and evasion simply muddles 'em.
Stephen Colbert|Remember, you cannot be both young and wise. Young people who pretend to be wise to the ways of the world are mostly just cynics. Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the farthest thing from it. Because cynics don’t learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness, a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us. Cynics always say no. But saying “yes” begins things. Saying “yes” is how things grow. Saying “yes” leads to knowledge. “Yes” is for young people. So for as long as you have the strength to, say “yes'.
Goldie Hawn|The lotus is the most beautiful flower, whose petals open one by one. But it will only grow in the mud. In order to grow and gain wisdom, first you must have the mud --- the obstacles of life and its suffering. ... The mud speaks of the common ground that humans share, no matter what our stations in life. ... Whether we have it all or we have nothing, we are all faced with the same obstacles: sadness, loss, illness, dying and death. If we are to strive as human beings to gain more wisdom, more kindness and more compassion, we must have the intention to grow as a lotus and open each petal one by one. 
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|People who know little are usually great talkers, while men who know much say little.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you secruity and friendship and didn't ask for anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly. 
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|There is more in you of good than you know, child of the kindly West. Some courage and some wisdom, blended in measure. If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Benjamin Franklin|Hide not your talents, they for use were made,What's a sundial in the shade?
Bob Dylan|Sometimes it's not enough to know what things mean, sometimes you have to know what things don't mean.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|But magic is neither good nor evil. It is a tool, like a knife. Is a knife evil? Only if the wielder is evil.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely. 
Gautama Buddha, The Dhammapada: The Sayings of the Buddha|A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.
Milton Berle|If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|No, that is the great fallacy: the wisdom of old men. They do not grow wise. They grow careful.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|CHORONZON: I am a dire wolf, prey-stalking, lethal prowler.MORPHEUS: I am a hunter, horse-mounted, wolf-stabbing.CHORONZON: I am a horsefly, horse-stinging, hunter-throwing.MORPHEUS: I am a spider, fly-consuming, eight legged.CHORONZON: I am a snake, spider-devouring, posion-toothed.MORPHEUS: I am an ox, snake-crushing, heavy-footed.CHORONZON: I am an anthrax, butcher bacterium, warm-life destroying.MORPHEUS: I am a world, space-floating, life-nurturing.CHORONZON: I am a nova, all-exploding... planet-cremating.MORPHEUS: I am the Universe -- all things encompassing, all life embracing., Dreamlord?MORPHEUS: I am hope.
Alfred Tennyson|Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
John Flanagan, Erak's Ransom|But what if I make a mistake?' Will asked.Gilan threw back his head and laughed. 'A mistake? One mistake? You should be so lucky. You'll make dozens! I made four or five on my first day alone! Of course you'll make mistakes. Just don't make any of them twice. If you do mess things up, don't try to hide it. Don't try to rationalize it. Recognize it and admit it and learn from it. We never stop learning, none of us.
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|Mama used to say, you have to know someone a thousand days before you can glimpse her soul.
Theodore Roosevelt, Strenuous Life|Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
Leonardo da Vinci|As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|There is a wisdom of the head, and... there is a wisdom of the heart.
Octavia E. Butler|In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn.
Theodore Roosevelt|No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care
Philip Pullman|When you look at what C.S. Lewis is saying, his message is so anti-life, so cruel, so unjust. The view that the Narnia books have for the material world is one of almost undisguised contempt. At one point, the old professor says, ‘It’s all in Plato’ — meaning that the physical world we see around us is the crude, shabby, imperfect, second-rate copy of something much better. I want to emphasize the simple physical truth of things, the absolute primacy of the material life, rather than the spiritual or the afterlife.]
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Now I understand that one of the important reasons for going to college and getting an education is to learn that the things you've believed in all your life aren't true, and that nothing is what it appears to be.
Wallace Stegner, The Spectator Bird|Most things break, including hearts. The lessons of life amount not towisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.
C.G. Jung|Where wisdom reigns, there is no conflict between thinking and feeling.
Rabindranath Tagore|The small wisdom is like water in a glass:clear, transparent, pure.The great wisdom is like the water in the sea:dark, mysterious, impenetrable.
Lao Tzu|Water is the softest thing, yet it can penetrate mountains and earth. This shows clearly the principle ofsoftness overcoming hardness.
Madeleine L'Engle, Two-Part Invention: The Story of a Marriage|Love of music, of sunsets and sea; a liking for the same kind of people; political opinions that are not radically divergent; a similar stance as we look at the stars and think of the marvelous strangeness of the universe - these are what build a marriage. And it is never to be taken for granted.
Henry David Thoreau|I do believe in simplicity. It is astonishing as well as sad, how many trivial affairs even the wisest thinks he must attend to in a day; how singular an affair he thinks he must omit. When the mathematician would solve a difficult problem, he first frees the equation of all incumbrances, and reduces it to its simplest terms. So simplify the problem of life, distinguish the necessary and the real. Probe the earth to see where your main roots run. 
Holly Black, Tithe|If curiosity killed the cat, it was satisfaction that brought it back.
Lynsay Sands, Love Bites|Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the two.
Galileo Galilei|You cannot teach a man anything, you can only help him find it within himself.
William Shakespeare, Richard III|So wise so young, they say, do never live long.
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|But that's how memory works," Bitterblue said quietly. "Things disappear without your permission, then come back again without your permission." And sometimes they came back incomplete and warped.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Stories have a way of changing faces. They are unruly things, undisciplined, given to delinquency and the throwing of erasers. This is why we must close them up into thick, solid books, so they cannot get out and cause trouble.
John Russell|Sanity calms, but madness is more interesting.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Yet what keeps me from dissolving right now into a complete fairy-tale shimmer is this solid truth, a truth which has veritably built my bones over the last few years--I was not rescued by a prince; I was the administrator of my own rescue.
John Milton|I will not deny but that the best apology against false accusers is silence and sufferance, and honest deeds set against dishonest words.
Anton Chekhov|Wisdom.... comes not from age, but from education and learning.
Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time|When in doubt, choose to live.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|Books permit us to voyage through time, to tap the wisdom of our ancestors. The library connects us with the insight and knowledge, painfully extracted from Nature, of the greatest minds that ever were, with the best teachers, drawn from the entire planet and from all our history, to instruct us without tiring, and to inspire us to make our own contribution to the collective knowledge of the human species. I think the health of our civilization, the depth of our awareness about the underpinnings of our culture and our concern for the future can all be tested by how well we support our libraries.
Alexander Pope|A man should never be ashamed to own that he has been in the wrong, which is but saying in other words that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.
Homer|How prone to doubt, how cautious are the wise!
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|When you've learned to laugh at the things that should be laughed at, and not to laugh at those that shouldn't, you've got wisdom and understanding.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But if you believe yourself worthy of the thing you fought so hard to get, then you become an instrument of God, you help the Soul of the World, and you understand why you are here.
Philip Pullman|I'm trying to undermine the basis of Christian belief... I'm not in the business of offending people. I find the books upholding certain values that I think are important, such as life is immensely valuable and this world is an extraordinarily beautiful place. We should do what we can to increase the amount of wisdom in the world.]
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of thecat, although in this case there were three determinate states the catcould be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.
Tallulah Bankhead|If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
Edgar Allan Poe, Edgar Allan Poe: Complete Tales and Poems|Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|When you're in a Slump,you're not in for much fun.Un-slumping yourselfis not easily done.
Desmond Tutu|My father always used to say, "Don't raise your voice. Improve your argument." Good sense does not always lie with the loudest shouters, nor can we say that a large, unruly crowd is always the best arbiter of what is right.
Terence McKenna|You are an explorer, and you represent our species, and the greatest good you can do is to bring back a new idea, because our world is endangered by the absence of good ideas. Our world is in crisis because of the absence of consciousness.
Omar Khayyám, Rubaiyat|To wisely live your life, you don't need to know muchJust remember two main rules for the beginning:You better starve, than eat whateverAnd better be alone, than with whoever.
Tad Williams, The Dragonbone Chair|He who is certain he knows the ending of things when he is only beginning them is either extremely wise or extremely foolish; no matter which is true, he is certainly an unhappy man, for he has put a knife in the heart of wonder.
Harry Truman|Fame is a vapor, popularity is an accident, riches take wings, those who cheer today may curse tomorrow and only one thing endures - character.
Black Elk|The first peace, which is the most important, is that which comes within the souls of people when they realize their relationship, their oneness with the universe and all its powers, and when they realize at the center of the universe dwells the Great Spirit, and that its center is really everywhere, it is within each of us.
Clarence Darrow, The Story of My Life|I have always felt that doubt was the beginning of wisdom, and the fear of God was the end of wisdom.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Sometimes wisdom came from strange places, even from giant teenaged goldfish.
Gautama Buddha|Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame.
Michael Scott, The Sorceress|I like places like this," he announced.I like old places too," Josh said, "but what's to like about a place like this?"The king spread his arms wide. "What do you see?"Josh made a face. "Junk. Rusted tractor, broken plow, old bike."Ahh...but I see a tractor that was once used to till these fields. I see the plow it once pulled. I see a bicycle carefully placed out of harm's way under a table."Josh slowly turned again, looking at the items once more.And i see these things and I wonder at the life of the person who carefully stored the precious tractor and plow in the barn out of the weather, and placed their bike under a homemade table."Why do you wonder?" Josh asked. "Why is it even important?"Because someone has to remember," Gilgamesh snapped, suddenly irritated. "Some one has to remember the human who rode the bike and drove the tractor, the person who tilled the fields, who was born and lived and died, who loved and laughed and cried, the person who shivered in the cold and sweated in the sun." He walked around the barn again, touching each item, until his palm were red with rust." It is only when no one remembers, that you are truely lost. That is the true death.
Arthur C. Clarke|Before you become too entranced with gorgeous gadgets and mesmerizing video displays, let me remind you that information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, and wisdom is not foresight. Each grows out of the other, and we need them all.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|We're all fools," said Clemens, "all the time. It's just we're a different kind each day. We think, I'm not a fool today. I've learned my lesson. I was a fool yesterday but not this morning. Then tomorrow we find out that, yes, we were a fool today too. I think the only way we can grow and get on in this world is to accept the fact we're not perfect and live accordingly.
Aeschylus, Agamemnon|Wisdom comes through suffering.Trouble, with its memories of pain,Drips in our hearts as we try to sleep,So men against their willLearn to practice moderation.Favours come to us from gods.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Can you look without the voice in your head commenting, drawing conclusions, comparing, or trying to figure something out?
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|Peace is not happenstance. It is a living fire that must be fed constantly. It must be tended to with vigilance, else it dies out.
Hlovate, Versus|You'll never reach perfection because there's always room for improvement. Yet get along the way to perfection, you'll learn to get better.
Anton Chekhov|And I despise your books, I despise wisdom and the blessings of this world. It is all worthless, fleeting, illusory, and deceptive, like a mirage. You may be proud, wise, and fine, but death will wipe you off the face of the earth as though you were no more than mice burrowing under the floor, and your posterity, your history, your immortal geniuses will burn or freeze together with the earthly globe.
Plato, Apology|I thought to myself: I am wiser than this man; neither of us probably knows anything that is really good, but he thinks he has knowledge, when he has not, while I, having no knowledge, do not think I have.
Abraham H. Maslow|We need not take refuge in supernatural gods to explain our saints and sages and heroes and statesmen, as if to explain our disbelief that mere unaided human beings could be that good or wise.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Is it so far from madness to wisdom?" - Daenerys Targaryen
C. JoyBell C.|Men have two greatest fears: the first fear is the fear of being needed, and the second fear is the fear of not being needed.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|...Nobody knows like a woman how to say things that are both sweet and profound. Sweetness and depth, this is all of woman; this is Heaven.
Horace|Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
Mario Andretti|If everything seems under control, you're not going fast enough.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|All truly wise thoughts have been thought already thousands of times; but to make them truly ours, we must think them over again honestly, until they take root in our personal experience.
J. Sterling, The Perfect Game|There will come a time in your life when you lose something that matters to you. You'll fight for it and you won't win. But what really matters isn't the war you're waging, it's that you don't lose the person you are in the midst of the battle.
Edward Abbey|Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|One must find the source within one's own Self, one must possess it. Everything else was seeking -- a detour, an error.
Isaac Asimov|Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know—and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance. It is better to know—even if the knowledge endures only for the moment that comes before destruction—than to gain eternal life at the price of a dull and swinish lack of comprehension of a universe that swirls unseen before us in all its wonder. That was the choice of Achilles, and it is mine, too.
Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny|If we never experience the chill of a dark winter, it is very unlikely that we will ever cherish the warmth of a bright summer’s day. Nothing stimulates our appetite for the simple joys of life more than the starvation caused by sadness or desperation. In order to complete our amazing life journey successfully, it is vital that we turn each and every dark tear into a pearl of wisdom, and find the blessing in every curse.
Abraham Lincoln|I have come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason, I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.
Benjamin Franklin|If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.
Robert A. Heinlein|Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best, he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear his shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|Wherever I go, I meet myself.
Dejan Stojanovic|I visited many places, Some of them quite Exotic and far away, But I always returned to myself.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I don't fancy colors of the face, I'm always attracted to colors of the brain.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Okay, this is the wisdom. First, time spent on reconnaissanse is never wasted. Second, almost anything can be improved with the addition of bacon. And finally, there is no problem on Earth that can't be ameliorated by a hot bath and a cup of tea.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|Every form of art is another way of seeing the world. Another perspective, another window. And science –that’s the most spectacular window of all. You can see the entire universe from there.
Dejan Stojanovic|Use the wings of the flying Universe, Dream with open eyes; See in darkness.
Allan Rufus|Life is like a sandwich!Birth as one slice,and death as the other.What you put in-between the slices is up to you.Is your sandwich tasty or sour?Allan Rufus.org
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|Ignorance is hardly unusual, Miss Davar. The longer I live, the more I come to realize that it is the natural state of the human mind. There are many who will strive to defend its sanctity and then expect you to be impressed with their efforts.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Mum liked to say that some things happen for a reason, that sometimes obstacles were there to stop you from doing something stupid.
Philip Pullman|I feel with some passion that what we truly are is private, and almost infinitely complex, and ambiguous, and both external and internal, and double- or triple- or multiply natured, and largely mysterious even to ourselves; and furthermore that what we are is only part of us, because identity, unlike "identity", must include what we do. And I think that to find oneself and every aspect of this complexity reduced in the public mind to one property that apparently subsumes all the rest ("gay", "black", "Muslim", whatever) is to be the victim of a piece of extraordinary intellectual vulgarity.
Dejan Stojanovic|There is another alphabet, whispering from every leaf, singing from every river, shimmering from every sky.
David Norris|How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.
Michael Crichton, Eaters of the Dead|Praise not the day until evening has come, a woman until she is burnt, a sword until it is tried, a maiden until she is married, ice until it has been crossed, beer until it has been drunk.
Paul F. Davis|If you don't feel it, flee from it. Go where you are celebrated, not merely tolerated.
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|Morality is temporary, wisdom is permanent.
Erasmus|In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|What happens to people living in a society where everyone in power is lying, stealing, cheating and killing, and in our hearts we all know this, but the consequences of facing all these lies are so monstrous, we keep on hoping that maybe the corporate government administration and media are on the level with us this time.Americans remind me of survivors of domestic abuse.This is always the hope that this is the very, very, very last time one's ribs get re-broken again. 
Lao Tzu|He who acts, spoils; he who grasps, lets slip.
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.
Bertrand Russell|Love is wise; hatred is foolish. In this world, which is getting more and more closely interconnected, we have to learn to tolerate each other, we have to learn to put up with the fact that some people say things that we don't like. We can only live together in that way. But if we are to live together, and not die together, we must learn a kind of charity and a kind of tolerance, which is absolutely vital to the continuation of human life on this planet.
Merritt Y. Hughes, Ten Perspectives on Milton|God is the supreme uncreated light of which Wisdom is born, but there was never a time when God's Wisdom did not exist.
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|Advice," Doña Vorchenza chuckled. "Advice. The years play a sort of alchemical trick, transmuting one's mutterings to a state of respectability. Give advice at forty and you're a nag. Give it at seventy and you're a sage.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|I am the shore and the ocean, awaiting myself on both sides.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Once the writer in every individual comes to life (and that time is not far off), we are in for an age of universal deafness and lack of understanding.
J.L. Carr, A Month in the Country|And, at such a time, for a few of us there will always be a tugging at the heart—knowing a precious moment had gone and we not there. We can ask and ask but we can’t have again what once seemed ours for ever—the way things looked, that church alone in the fields, a bed on belfry floor, a remembered voice, a loved face. They’ve gone and you can only wait for the pain to pass. 
Johnny Depp|With every part you act, there must be a little of yourself in it. If there isn't, it's not acting. It's lying.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|I don’t think it would have all got me quite so down if just once in a while—just once in a while—there was at least some polite little perfunctory implication that knowledge should lead to wisdom, and that if it doesn't, it's just a disgusting waste of time! But there never is! You never even hear any hints dropped on a campus that wisdom is supposed to be the goal of knowledge. You hardly ever even hear the word 'wisdom' mentioned!
Confucius|The Master said, “A true teacher is one who, keeping the past alive, is also able to understand the present.”(Analects 2.11)
Karl Lagerfeld|We need houses as we need clothes, architecture stimulates fashion. It’s like hunger and thirst — you need them both.
Oscar Wilde|With age comes wisdom, but sometimes age comes alone.
Kim Gruenenfelder, A Total Waste of Makeup|Don't be jealous of anyone. I guarantee you, if everyone walked into a room, and dumped their problems onto the floor, when they saw what everyone else's problems were, they'd be scrambling to get their own problems back before someone else got to them first.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The barrier during self-improvement is not so much that we hate learning, rather we hate being taught. To learn entails that the knowledge was achieved on one's own accord - it feels great - but to be taught often leaves a feeling of inferiority. Thus it takes a bit of determination and a lot of humility in order for one to fully develop.
Anonymous, Bhagavad Gita: El Canto del Senor|The immature think that knowledge and action are different, but the wise see them as the same.
Gary L. Francione|Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|The beginning of wisdom, as they say. When you're seventeen you know everything. When you're twenty-seven if you still know everything you're still seventeen.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|well, sometimes to get what you want the most, you have to do what you want the least.
Charlotte Brontë|Take the matter as you find it ask no questions, utter no remonstrances; it is your best wisdom. You expected bread and you have got a stone: break your teeth on it, and don't shriek because the nerves are martyrised; do not doubt that your mental stomach - if you have such a thing - is strong as an ostrich's; the stone will digest. You held out your hand for an egg, and fate put into it a scorpion. Show no consternation; close your fingers firmly upon the gift; let it sting through your palm. Never mind; in time, after your hand and arm have swelled and quivered long with torture, the squeezed scorpion will die, and you will have learned the great lesson how to endure without a sob.
Siobhan Vivian, Not That Kind of Girl|You see, the best thing about wrong decisions is that they don’t prevent you from making the right decisions later on. It’s harder, but it’s not impossible.
Nicholas Sparks|She wondered when her daughter would realise that for the most part, people weren't that different. Young and old, male or female, pretty much everyone she knew wanted the same things: The wanted to feel peace in their hearts, they wanted a life without turmoil, they wanted to be happy. The difference, she thought, was that most young people seemed to think that those things lay somewhere in the future. While most older people believed that they lay in the past.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Yeah. I mean, acknowledging is easy. Something happened or it didn't. But understanding... that's where things get sticky.
Karl R. Popper|Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
Natsuki Takaya|True kindness isn't something we're born with. It's something we have to work at. Not everyone has it. But I think everyone has the potential. Sometimes you just have to look really close before you can tell it's there."-Kyoko
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|Aw I don't wanta go to no such thing, I just wanta drink in alleys.'...But you'll miss all that, just for some old wine.'There's wisdom in wine, goddam it!' I yelled. 'Have a shot!
Wallace Stegner, The Spectator Bird|The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|We must not think of the things we could do with, but only of the things that we can't do without.
Natsuki Takaya|I'm not sure why I've decided to do this. I'm not any stronger than I was, and nothing else has changed. But all the same, this time I'm not going to run away. It's okay to feel weak sometimes. It's okay to be afraid. The important thing is that we face our fears. That's what makes us strong."-Yuki
Beth Johnson|When something seems wrong in your life, the only way to have resolution with it is to let it go. Trying to make it right keeps it wrong.
Sogyal Rinpoche|Don't you notice that there are particular moments when you are naturally inspired to introspection? Work with them gently, for these are the moments when you can go through a powerful experience, and your whole worldview can change quickly.
Gary L. Francione|If you are not vegan, please consider going vegan. It’s a matter of nonviolence. Being vegan is your statement that you reject violence to other sentient beings, to yourself, and to the environment, on which all sentient beings depend.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|To finish the moment, to find the journey's end in every step of the road, to live the greatest number of good hours, is wisdom.
Susan Sontag, The Benefactor|The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.
R.L. LaFevers, Dark Triumph|Jewels can be replaced, cousin. Independence, once lost, cannot.
Amit Ray, Om Chanting and Meditation|Penetrate deep into the word "Om". Gradually the word will disappear and only the silence will remain. The word is a support. The meaning is within you. Om brings out that meaning which is hidden in your soul.
Alan W. Watts|Every intelligent individual wants to know what makes him tick, and yet is at once fascinated and frustrated by the fact that oneself is the most difficult of all things to know.
Marilyn Vos Savant|To acquire knowledge, one must study;but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Margaret Thatcher|I always cheer up immensely if an attack is particularly wounding because I think, well, if they attack one personally, it means they have not a single political argument left.
Nicolaus Copernicus|To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|I call that man awake who, with conscious knowledge and understanding, can perceive the deep unreasoning powers in his soul, his whole innermost strength, desire and weakness, and knows how to reckon with himself.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Never question another man's motive. His wisdom, yes, but not his motives.
Brian Tracy|No one lives long enough to learn everything they need to learn starting from scratch. To be successful, we absolutely, positively have to find people who have already paid the price to learn the things that we need to learn to achieve our goals.
Dion Boucicault|Men talk of killing time, while time quietly kills them.
Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy|There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any "Way."... A person should study as they see fit.
Epicurus|The noble man is chiefly concerned with wisdom and friendship; of these, the former is a mortal good, the latter and immortal one.
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|It's always hard to remember love - years pass and you say to yourself, Was I really in love, or was I just kidding myself? Was I really in love, or was I just pretending he was the man of my dreams? Was I really in love, or was I just desperate?
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|For the senses wander, and when one lets the mind follow them, it carries wisdom away like a windblown ship on the waters.
Confucius|Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|When Don Quixote went out into the world, that world turned into a mystery before his eyes. That is the legacy of the first European novel to the entire subsequent history of the novel. The novel teaches us to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude.
Brian Tracy|Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of very part of your life.
Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird|If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.
Henry Ward Beecher|Adversity, if for no other reason, is of benefit, since it is sure to bring a season of sober reflection. People see clearer at such times. Storms purify the atmosphere.
Orison Swett Marden|Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.
Karl Lagerfeld|Fashion and music are the same, because music express its period too.
David Leonhardt|When you assume you make a you-know-what out of U and me. Yep, so let's stop assuming so much. We are often quick to explain details to strangers, who we understand might not be reading our minds, but we often assume that those people closest to us, those who share our household such as spouses, children parents and siblings, can read our minds. And we get upset with them when they don't go figure.I wonder how many angry words are directed not at an action or inaction as would at first appear, but simply at the fact that somebody did not read our minds.So let's give those people we care most about the benefit of the doubt and do a little less assuming and a little more explaining.
Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet|It is very hard to be brave," said Piglet, sniffing slightly, "when you're only a Very Small Animal."Rabbit, who had begun to write very busily, looked up and said: "It is because you are a very small animal that you will be Useful in the adventure before us.
Anita Johnston, Eating in the Light of the Moon: How Women Can Transform Their Relationship with Food Through Myths, Metaphors, and Storytelling|The mermaid is an archetypal image that represents a woman who is at ease in the great waters of life, the waters of emotion and sexuality. She shows us how to embrace our instinctive sexuality and sensuality so that we can affirm the essence of our feminine nature, the wisdom of our bodies, and the playfulness of our spirits. She symbolizes our connection with our deepest instinctive feelings, our wild and untamed animal nature that exists below the surface of outward personalities. She is able to respond to her mysterious sexual impulses without abandoning her more human, conscious side. What happened to the girls who dreamed of being mermaids?
Jalaluddin Rumi, Love: The Joy That Wounds: The Love Poems of Rumi|Bitter your acts, bitter am I,Kindness your deeds, kindness am I,Pleasant and gentle, so you are,Fine honeyed lips and sweet talker.
Dejan Stojanovic|Since there is no real silence, Silence will contain all the sounds, All the words, all the languages, All knowledge, all memory.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction|I believe that maturity is not an outgrowing, but a growing up: that an adult is not a dead child, but a child who survived. I believe that all the best faculties of a mature human being exist in the child. . . . that one of the most deeply human, and humane, of these faculties is the power of imagination.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|REMEMBER YOUR GREATNESSBefore you were born,And were still too tiny forThe human eye to see,You won the race for lifeFrom among 250 million competitors.And yet,How fast you have forgottenYour strength,When your very existenceIs proof of your greatness.You were born a winner,A warrior,One who defied the oddsBy surviving the most gruesomeBattle of them all.And now that you are a giant,Why do you even doubt victoryAgainst smaller numbers,And wider margins?The only walls that exist,Are those you have placed in your mind.And whatever obstacles you conceive,Exist only because you have forgottenWhat you have alreadyAchieved.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
J.L. Carr, A Month in the Country|If I’d stayed there, would I always have been happy? No, I suppose not. People move away, grow older, die, and the bright belief that there will be another marvelous thing around each corner fades. It is now or never; we must snatch at happiness as it flies.
Gary L. Francione|We should always be clear that animal exploitation is wrong because it involves speciesism. And speciesism is wrong because, like racism, sexism, homophobia, anti-semitism, classism, and all other forms of human discrimination, speciesism involves violence inflicted on members of the moral community where that infliction of violence cannot be morally justified. But that means that those of us who oppose speciesism necessarily oppose discrimination against humans. It makes no sense to say that speciesism is wrong because it is like racism (or any other form of discrimination) but that we do not have a position about racism. We do. We should be opposed to it and we should always be clear about that.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|I had given up some youth for knowledge, but my gain was more valuable than the loss
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Life of the Beloved: Spiritual Living in a Secular World|Aren't you, like me, hoping that some person, thing, or event will come along to give you that final feeling of inner well-being you desire? Don't you often hope: 'May this book, idea, course, trip, job, country or relationship fulfill my deepest desire.' But as long as you are waiting for that mysterious moment you will go on running helter-skelter, always anxious and restless, always lustful and angry, never fully satisfied. You know that this is the compulsiveness that keeps us going and busy, but at the same time makes us wonder whether we are getting anywhere in the long run. This is the way to spiritual exhaustion and burn-out. This is the way to spiritual death.
Leo Babauta|At the end of the day, the questions we ask of ourselves determine the type of people that we will become.
Shannon L. Alder|My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but action.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Remember, whatever you focus upon, increases...When you focus on the things you need, you'll find those needs increasing. If you concentrate your thoughts on what you don't have, you will soon be concentrating on other things that you had forgotten you don't have-and feel worse! If you set your mind on loss, you are more likely to lose...But a grateful perspective brings happiness and abundance into a person's life.
Glen Cook, Soldiers Live|Soldiers live. He dies and not you, and you feel guilty, because you're glad he died, and not you. Soldiers live, and wonder why.
Brian Tracy, The Gift of Self-Confidence|A clear vision, backed by definite plans, gives you a tremendous feeling of confidence and personal power.
Anthony Horowitz, Russian Roulette: The Story of an Assassin|All that sadness. All that anger. It is the smoke that gets into your eyes. If you do not blow it away, how can you hope to see?
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|People are always worried about what's happening next. They often find it difficult to stand still, to occupy the now without worrying about the future. People are generally not satisfied with what they have; they are very concerned with what they are going to have.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Everybody wants to be on the mountaintop, but if you'll remember, mountaintops are rocky and cold. There is no growth on the top of a mountain. Sure, the view is great, but what's a view for? A view just gives us a glimpse of our next destination-our next target. But to hit that target, we must come off the mountain, go through the valley, and begin to climb the next slope. It is in the valley that we slog through the lush grass and rich soil, learning and becoming what enables us to summit life's next peak.
Askhari Johnson Hodari, Lifelines: The Black Book of Proverbs|If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|He was one of the numerous and varied legion of dullards, of half-animated abortions, conceited, half-educated coxcombs, who attach themselves to the idea most in fashion only to vulgarize it and who caricature every cause they serve, however sincerely.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Despite popular belief to the contrary, there is absolutely no power in intention. The seagull may intend to fly away, may decide to do so, may talk with the other seagulls about how wonderful it is to fly, but until the seagull flaps his wings and takes to the air, he is still on the dock. There’s no difference between that gull and all the others. Likewise, there is no difference in the person who intends to do things differently and the one who never thinks about it in the first place. Have you ever considered how often we judge ourselves by our intentions while we judge others by their actions? Yet intention without action is an insult to those who expect the best from you.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|There's a divinity that shapes our ends,Rough-hew them how we will.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|Dreams are the bright creatures of poem and legend, who sport on earth in the night season, and melt away in the first beam of the sun, which lights grim care and stern reality on their daily pilgrimage through the world.
Baltasar Gracián|Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
Kay Redfield Jamison|Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|The future will be what it will, and fretting about it will only make your fears more likely to come true.
Brian Tracy|Your biggest opportunity probably lies under your own feet, in your current job, industry, education, experience or interests.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This is what we are like. Collectively as a species, this is our emotional landscape. I met an old lady once, almost 100 years old, and she told me, "There are only two questions that human beings have ever fought over, all through history. How much do you love me? And Who's in charge? Everything else is somehow manageable. But these two questions of love and control undo us all, trip us up and cause war, grief, and suffering.
Marcia Angell|Few things a doctor does are more important than relieving pain. . . pain is soul destroying. No patient should have to endure intense pain unnecessarily. The quality of mercy is essential to the practice of medicine; here, of all places, it should not be strained.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|The individual appears for an instant, joins the community of thought, modifies it and dies; but the species, that dies not, reaps the fruit of his ephemeral existence.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|True wisdom gives the only possible answer at any given moment, and that night, going back to bed was the only possible answer.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|When you know the knower within, you don't need to know further. When you know the meditator within, you don't need to meditate further. When you truly know the worshiper in you, you are to be worshiped.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality.
Desmond Tutu|A person is a person through other persons.None of us comes into the world fully formed. We would not know how to think, or walk, or speak, or behave as human beings unless we learned it from other human beings. We need other human beings in order to be human. I am because other people are. A person is entitled to a stable community life, and the first of these communities is the family.
Joseph Bruchac|The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit. Nothing that means anything happens quickly--we only think it does. The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making. So it is with a life, anyone's life. I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming. And if I can tell an old-time story now about a man who is walking about, waudjoset ndatlokugan, a forest lodge man, alesakamigwi udlagwedewugan, it is because I spent many years walking about myself, listening to voices that came not just from the people but from animals and trees and stones.
Jim Butcher, White Night|Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|Ask not of things to shed their veils. Unveil yourselves, and things will be unveiled.
Harper Lee|Everybody’s gotta learn, nobody’s born knowing.
Elise Broach, Shakespeare's Secret|My dad always says, some people will treat you badly and you can't help that. But how you handle it and how it makes you feel, that's up to you.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|One way to define wisdom is the ability to see, into the future, the consequences of your choices in the present. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton|A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times.
Theodore Roethke|In a dark time, the eye begins to see.
P.C. Cast, Burned|Its more than a simple belief that there is good and that it should fight the evil in the world. It's a personification of Light and Darkness at their most elemental level, as forces that are so absorbed with themselves that one cannot exist without the other though they constantly try to consume one another. One of the earliest repersentations of Light and Darkness was of Light being a massive black bull and Darkness being an enormous white bull.
Carmen Martín Gaite, El cuento de nunca acabar|La rutina no está tanto en las cosas como en nuestra incapacidad para crear a cada momento un vínculo original con ellas, en nuestra tendencia a leerlas por la falsilla de lo rutinario, de lo ya aprendido. Hay que seguir dejando siempre abierta la puerta al cuarto de jugar.
Jonathan Tropper, One Last Thing Before I Go|The thing about living alone is that it gives you a lot of time to think. You don't necessarily reach any conclusions, because wisdom is largely a function of intelligence and self-awareness, not time on your hands. But you do become very good at thinking yourself into endless loops of desperation in half the time it would take a normal person.
Elizabeth I, Letters|The use of sea and air is common to all; neither can a title to the ocean belong to any people or private persons, forasmuch as neither nature nor public use and custom permit any possession therof.
Wayne W. Dyer|Not only do you become what you think about, but the world also becomes what you think about. Those who think that the world is a dark place are blind to the light that might illuminate their lives. Those who see the light of the world view the dark spots as merely potential light.
Osho|Remain in wonder if you want the mysteries to open up for you. Mysteries never open up for those who go on questioning. Questioners sooner or later end up in a library. Questioners sooner or later end up with scriptures, because scriptures are full of answers.And answers are dangerous, they kill your wonder.
Kent Haruf, Our Souls at Night|Who does ever get what they want? It doesn’t seem to happen to many of us if any at all. It’s always two people bumping against each other blindly, acting out old ideas and dreams and mistaken understandings.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|There are people in the world, who are just wrong, and then there are the masses of population that are right, or at the very least they lie in the veil of between. I on the other hand, do not belong to any group. I don’t exist. It’s not that I don’t have substance; I have a body like everyone else. I can feel the fire when it burns against my skin, the rain when it caresses my face and the breeze as it fingers my hair. I have all the senses that other people do. I am just empty, inside.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.
حجة الإسلام أبي حامد محمد الغزالي, The Alchemy of Happiness|…a man should say to his soul every morning, "God has given thee twenty-four treasures; take heed lest thou lose anyone of them, for thou wilt not be able to endure the regret that will follow such loss.
Ellen Goodman|We spend January 1st walking through our lives, room by room, drawing up a list of work to be done, cracks to be patched. Maybe this year, to balance the list, we ought to walk through the rooms of our lives...not looking for flaws, but for potential.
Isaac Asimov, Pebble in the Sky|Old men tend to forget what thought was like in their youth; they forget the quickness of the mental jump, the daring of the youthful intuition, the agility of the fresh insight. They become accustomed to the more plodding varieties of reason, and because this is more than made up by the accumulation of experience, old men think themselves wiser than the young.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|See, the ‘small stuff’ is what makes up the larger picture of our lives. Many people are like you, young man. But their perspective is distorted. They ignore ‘small stuff,’ claiming to have an eye on the bigger picture, never understanding that the bigger picture is composed of nothing more than-are you ready?- ‘small stuff’.
George Saunders|In art, and maybe just in general, the idea is to be able to be really comfortable with contradictory ideas. In other words, wisdom might be, seem to be, two contradictory ideas both expressed at their highest level and just let to sit in the same cage sort of, vibrating. So, I think as a writer, I'm really never sure of what I really believe.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|A prophet is not someone with special visions, just someone blind to most of what others see
Suzanne Crowley, The Very Ordered Existence of Merilee Marvelous|There's a thin line between genius and bottom-barrel stupidness. I hover delicately on a tightrope between the two, wondering where I'll land if I'll ever fall.
Alison Croggon, The Naming|You have a great heart, but will only find it to be so through great pain. This is the wisdom of love, and its doubtful gift. . . . I have endured much suffering and still remain unbitter and unclosed.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|While it is true that most people never see or understand the difference they make, or sometimes only imagine their actions having a tiny effect, every single action a person takes has far-reaching consequences.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Compassion is all inclusive. Compassion knows no boundaries. Compassion comes with awareness, and awareness breaks all narrow territories.
Brian Tracy, Focal Point: A Proven System to Simplify Your Life, Double Your Productivity, and Achieve All Your Goals|Just as your car runs more smoothly and requires less energy to go faster and farther when the wheels are in perfect alignment, you perform better when your thoughts, feelings, emotions, goals, and values are in balance.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|the only way in which a human being can make some approach to knowing the whole of a subject, is by hearing what can be said about it by persons of every variety of opinion, and studying all modes in which it can be looked at by every character of mind. No wise man ever acquired his wisdom in any mode but this; nor is it in the nature of human intellect to become wise in any other manner.
Sarah Addison Allen|You'd be surprised how easy some things can be, things you never thought you'd do, when you take self-respect out of the equation.
Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf|Brave? Or stupid?"Roger shrugged. "I've never been quite sure where brave stopped and stupid began, myself.
Wayne W. Dyer|Your teacher might be a child who takes you by the hand and asks you a question that you hadn't considered before, and your answer to the child is your answer to yourself.
Denis Healey|Healey’s First Law Of Holes: When in one, stop digging.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|But goodness alone is never enough. A hard, cold wisdom is required for goodness to accomplish good. Goodness without wisdom always accomplishes evil.
Shannon L. Alder|The moon will guide you through the night with her brightness, but she will always dwell in the darkness, in order to be seen.
Charles Kingsley, The Water-Babies|The most wonderful and the strongest things in the world, you know, are just the things which no one can see.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|He's acting as foolish as a kitten... but then, everyone's entitled to a little foolishness once in a while.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Yes, the brutalities of progress are called revolutions. When they are over, this is recognised: that the human race has been harshly treated, but that it has advanced.
Jalaluddin Rumi|How will you know the difficulties of being human, if you are always flying off to blue perfection? Where will you plant your grief seeds? Workers need ground to scrape and hoe, not the sky of unspecified desire.
Ana Monnar, Relax: New And Selected Poems: New And Selected Poems|At times anger will trigger harsh words. After a cooling period wisdom sets in; finally, the ability to speak from the heart with love and compassion.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|When I think of talking, it is of course with a woman. For talking at its best being an inspiration, it wants a corresponding divine quality of receptiveness, and where will you find this but in a woman?
Helen Rowland|a wise woman puts a grain of sugar in everything she says to a man, and takes a grain of salt with everything he says to her.
Jaeda DeWalt|They are called, "SELF-worth" and "SELF-esteem" for a reason... we can't let others decide what we are worth, that is so dangerous! Empower yourself!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|COMING FORTH INTO THE LIGHTI was born the dayI thought:What is?What was?AndWhat if?I was transformed the dayMy ego shattered,And all the superficial, materialThings that matteredTo me before,Suddenly ceasedTo matter.I really came into beingThe day I no longer cared aboutWhat the world thought of me,Only on my thoughts forChanging the world.
K.M. Johnson, Knowing the Struggle Is Over!|Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|You cannot hinder someone’s free will, that’s the first law of the Universe, no matter what the decision.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|It is man's unique privilege, among all other organisms. By pursuing falsehood you will arrive at the truth!
Mary  Stewart, The Last Enchantment|The essence of wisdom is to know when to be doing, and when it's useless even to try
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|For us lads of eighteen they ought to have been mediators and guides to the world of maturity, the world of work, of duty, of culture, of progress -- to the future.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|After his experience with Minos, Nico realized that most spectres held only as much power as you allowed them to have. They pried into your mind, using fear or anger or longing to influence you. Nico had learned to shield himself. Sometimes he could even turn the tables and bend ghosts to his will.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|By the time it came to the edge of the Forest, the stream had grown up, so that it was almost a river, and, being grown-up, it did not run and jump and sparkle along as it used to do when it was younger, but moved more slowly. For it knew now where it was going, and it said to itself, “There is no hurry. We shall get there some day.” But all the little streams higher up in the Forest went this way and that, quickly, eagerly, having so much to find out before it was too late.
Mitch Lucker|I mean, reality sucks. The world is a cancer, and shits so bad it’s scary. Everything’s filthy. But you know what? One day, it’s not going to be here. So be glad you know what life is. You’re alive. Live.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|...unfortunately, it's true: time does heal. It will do so whether you like it or not, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. If you're not careful, time will take away everything that ever hurt you, everything you have ever lost, and replace it with knowledge. Time is a machine: it will convert your pain into experience. Raw data will be compiled, will be translated into a more comprehensible language. The individual events of your life will be transmuted into another substance called memory and in the mechanism something will be lost and you will never be able to reverse it, you will never again have the original moment back in its uncategorized, preprocessed state. It will force you to move on and you will not have a choice in the matter.
C. JoyBell C.|I would rather carry around a plastic bag with five thousand Euro inside, than carry around a Louis Vuitton/Gucci/Prada bag with only one hundred Euro inside!
Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm|You see, to find the brightest wisdom one must pass through the darkest zones. And through the darkest zones there can be no guide. No guide, that is, but courage
Yvon Chouinard, Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman|The more you know, the less you need.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|It was not curiosity that killed the goose who laid the golden egg, but an insatiable greed that devoured common sense.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|If you are driven by fear, anger or pride nature will force you to compete. If you are guided by courage, awareness, tranquility and peace nature will serve you.
Rachel Naomi Remen|Perhaps wisdom is simply a matter of waiting, and healing a question of time. And anything good you've ever been given is yours forever.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|When there is a tendency to compartmentalize the spiritual and make it resident in a certain type of life only, the spiritual is apt gradually to be lost.
Matthew Kelly, Rediscover Catholicism|We don't want to think about our weaknesses. We don't want to talk about them, and we certainly don't want anyone else to point them out. This is a classic sign of mediocrity, and this mediocrity has a firm grip on the Church and humanity at this moment in history.
Tariq Ramadan|The more you look into and understand yourself, the less judgmental you become towards others.
Robin Jones Gunn|There are two words that you should use frequently in your youth: ´sorry´ and ´thank-you´. Use the first one as often as possible, so that on your death bed all that you have to say to your friends is ´thank-you!´.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|Everyone's allowed to be in love with the wrong person at some point. In fact, it's a mistake not to be.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Ah! how little knowledge does a man acquire in his life. He gathers it up like water, but like water it runs between his fingers, and yet, if his hands be but wet as though with dew, behold a generation of fools call out, 'See, he is a wise man!' Is it not so?
Clarence Darrow, Why I Am An Agnostic and Other Essays|The fear of God is not the beginning of wisdom. The fear of God is the death of wisdom. Skepticism and doubt lead to study and investigation, and investigation is the beginning of wisdom.
John Gierach, Death, Taxes, and Leaky Waders: A John Gierach Fly-Fishing Treasury|Sure, it was your idea and your fly, but he caught the big fish. Remember, fairness is a human idea largely unknown in nature.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|The idea of authority, which they represented, was associated in our minds with a greater insight and a more humane wisdom.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico knew something about ghosts. Letting them get inside your head was dangerous. He wanted to help Reyna, but since his own strategy was to deal with his problems alone, spurning anyone who tried to get close, he couldn’t exactly criticize Reyna for doing the same thing.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Where ignorance lurks, so too do the frontiers of discovery and imagination
John Brunner, The Shockwave Rider|There are two kinds of fools. One says, "This is old, and therefore good." And one says, " This is new, and therefore better.
Laura Munson, This Is Not The Story You Think It Is: A Season of Unlikely Happiness|Probably the wisest words that were ever uttered to me. Came from a therapist. I was sitting in her office, crying my eyes out. . . and she said, "So let me get this straight. You base your personal happiness on things entirely out of your control.
Karen Blixen, Out of Africa|A visitor is a friend, he brings news, good or bad, which is bread to the hungry minds in lonely places. A real friend who comes to the house is a heavenly messenger, who brings the panis angelorum.
Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road|Grown people know that they do not always know the way of things, and even if they think they know, they do not know where and how they got the proof.
Bret Easton Ellis|what's right? If you want something, you have the right to take it. If you want to do something, you have the right to do it.
Matthew J. Kirby, Icefall|In life, the hardest decisions often have to be made more than once. But each time, it gets easier.
Lloyd Alexander, The High King|A shade of sorrow passed over Taliesin's face. 'There are those,' he said gently, 'who must first learn loss, despair, and grief. Of all paths to wisdom, this is the cruelest and longest. Are you one who must follow such a way? This even I cannot know. If you are, take heart nonetheless. Those who reach the end do more than gain wisdom. As rough wool becomes cloth, and crude clay a vessel, so do they change and fashion wisdom for others, and what they give back is greater than what they won.
Brian Tracy|Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A virtuos woman is not moved by big names and flamboyance, but only men of profound wisdom and integrity move her.
Traci Harding, The Dragon Queens|Only a female could be as calculating and have the foresight that destiny requires,' the gypsy explained. 'Now fate is a man,' he went on, 'no planning, just go with the flow and see what tomorrow brings.
Eddie  Johnson|Fear of the LORD is the beginning of knowledge. Only Fools despise wisdom and discipline." Proverbs 1:7 NLT
Hamza Yusuf|The weak are dominated by their ego, the wise dominate their ego, and the intelligent are in a constant struggle against their ego.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people are like thorns. But you have to let them be thorns, because thorns can't turn into petals. The trick is not letting them prick you; never let a thorn prick you!
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Sometimes, the simple things are more fun and meaningful than all the banquets in the world ...
Karl R. Popper|While differing widely in the various little bits we know, in our infinite ignorance we are all equal.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Wisdom can be gathered on your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. Of course, bad information is gathered in your downtime too. Bad information that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television. One of wisdom's greatest benefits, is accurate discernment- the learned ability to immediately tell right from wrong. Good from evil. Acceptable from unacceptable. Time well spent from time wasted. The right decision from the wrong decision. And many times this is simply a matter of having the correct perspective. One way to define wisdom is THE ABILITY TO SEE, INTO THE FUTURE, THE CONSEQUENCES OF YOUR CHOICES IN THE PRESENT. That ability can give you a completely different perspective on what the future might look like... with a degree of intelligence and a hint of wisdom, most people can tell the difference between good and bad. However, it takes a truly wise person to discern the oh-so-thin line between good and best. And that line...[gives you the] perspective that allows you to see clearly the long-term consequences of your choices. 
Dahveed, Through The Eyes of A Foster Child: A Poetic Journey|When we search for "ourselves" in the eyes of others, we have imprisoned our own-selves in believing that our self-worth is nothing unless others validate who we are. Unless we approve of whom we are, what we are, and what we are capable of doing as an individual, only then we will have released "ourselves" from our own imprisonment. We are in charge of our own life's destiny and what we do and become can only be validated by our accomplishments and failures; not by what others may think of us.
Sogyal Rinpoche|What we have to learn, in both meditation and in life, is to be free ofattachment to the good experiences, and free of aversion to the negative ones.
Carl Sandburg|Tell no man anything, for no man listensYet hold thy lips ready to speak.
Adriana Trigiani, The Shoemaker's Wife|If you look around to find meaning in everything that happens, you will end up disappointed. Sometimes there aren’t reasons behind the terrible things that go on. I ask myself, If I knew all the answers, would it help? I lie awake and wonder why I don’t have parents and wonder what will become of my brother and me. But when the morning comes, I realize that there’s nothing to be done about what has already happened. I can only get up and do my chores and push through the day and find the good in it.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|When I start a new seminar I tell my students that I will undoubtedly contradict myself, and that I will mean both things. But an acceptance of contradiction is no excuse for fuzzy thinking. We do have to use our minds as far as they will take us, yet acknowledge that they cannot take us all the way.
Anna Gould|Be beautiful if you can, wise if you want to, but be respected - that is essential.
Diane Duane, Deep Wizardry|Must I accept the barren Gift?-learn death, and lose my Mastery?Then let them know whose blood and breathwill take the Gift and set them free:whose is the voice and whose the mindto set at naught the well-sung Game-when finned Finality arrivesand calls me by my secret Name.Not old enough to love as yet,but old enough to die, indeed--the death-fear bites my throat and heart,fanged cousin to the Pale One's breed.But past the fear lies life for all-perhaps for me: and, past my dread,past loss of Mastery and life,the Sea shall yet give up Her dead!Lone Power, I accept your Gift!Freely I make death a part of me;By my accept it is boundinto the lives of all the Sea-yet what I do now binds to ita gift I feel of equal worth:I take Death with me, out of Time,and make of it a path, a birth!Let the teeth come! As they tear me,they tear Your ancient hate for aye--so rage, proud Power! Fail again,and see my blood teach Death to die!
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|A person's rightful due is to be treated as an object of love, not as an object for use.
C. JoyBell C.|Fiction is written with reality and reality is written with fiction. We can write fiction because there is reality and we can write reality because there is fiction; everything we consider today to be myth and legend, our ancestors believed to be history and everything in our history includes myths and legends. Before the splendid modern-day mind was formed our cultures and civilizations were conceived in the wombs of, and born of, what we identify today as "fiction, unreality, myth, legend, fantasy, folklore, imaginations, fabrications and tall tales." And in our suddenly realized glory of all our modern-day "advancements" we somehow fail to ask ourselves the question "Who designated myths and legends as unreality? " But I ask myself this question because who decided that he was spectacular enough to stand up and say to our ancestors "You were all stupid and disillusioned and imagining things" and then why did we all decide to believe this person? There are many realities not just one. There is a truth that goes far beyond what we are told today to believe in. And we find that truth when we are brave enough to break away from what keeps everybody else feeling comfortable. Your reality is what you believe in. And nobody should be able to tell you to believe otherwise.
Anthony de Mello, One Minute Wisdom|When you come to see you are not as wise today as you thought you were yesterday, you are wiser today.
Zhuangzi|Forget the years, forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home!
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Good morning," said the little prince.Good morning," said the merchant.This was a merchant who sold pills that had been invented to quench thirst. You need only swallow one pill a week, and you would feel no need for anything to drink.Why are you selling those?" asked the little prince.Because they save a tremendous amount of time," said the merchant. "Computations have been made by experts. With these pills, you save fifty-three minutes in every week."And what do I do with those fifty-three minutes?"Anything you like..."As for me," said the little prince to himself, "if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water.
W. Somerset Maugham, Theatre|Never pause unless you have a reason for it, but when you pause, pause as long as you can.
Sacha Guitry|Our wisdom comes from our experience,and our experience comes from our foolishness.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Remember, young man, experience is not the best teacher. Other people's experience is the best teacher. By reading about the lives of great people, you can unlock the secrets to what made them great.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|It is a disaster that wisdom forbids you to be satisfied with yourself and always sends you away dissatisfied and fearful, whereas stubbornness and foolhardiness fill their hosts with joy and assurance.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|Men must endureTheir going hence, even as their coming hither.Ripeness is all.
Jaeda DeWalt|Don't let others box you into their idea of what they think you should be. A confined identity is a miserable way to exist. Be you and live free. Trust that in living true to yourself, you will attract people that support and love you, just as you are.
Sarah Ferguson|Lord, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to hide the bodies of those people I had to kill because they pissed me off!
Paul Brunton|When every situation which life can offer is turned to the profit of spiritual growth, no situation can really be a bad one.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|Once a wolf, always a wolf.
David Zindell, The Broken God|Before, you are wise; after, you are wise. In between you are otherwise
George Jones|There are questions I'm still not wise enough to answer, just wise enough to no longer ask.
Thomas Merton|....it is of the very essence of Christianity to face suffering and death not because they are good, not because they have meaning, but because the resurrection of Jesus has robbed them of their meaning.
Graham Greene, Loser Takes All|She was not too young to be wise, but she was too young to know that wisdom shouldn't be spoken aloud when you are happy.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|[Y]ou [man] are fool enough, it seems, to dare to war with [woman=] me, when for your faithful ally you might win me easily.
Joseph Conrad|I remember my youth and the feeling that will never come back any more /the feeling that I could last for ever, outlast the sea, the earth, and all men; the deceitful feeling that lures us on to joys, to perils, to love, to vain effort /to death; the triumphant conviction of strength, the heat of life in the handful of dust, the glow in the heart that with every year grows dim, grows cold, grows small, and expires /and expires, too soon, too soon /before life itself
Shannon L. Alder|Hide yourself in God, so when a man wants to find you he will have to go there first.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|At times the whole world seems to be in conspiracy to importune you with emphatic trifles. Friend, client, child, sickness, fear, want, charity, all knock at once at thy closet door and say,—'Come out unto us.' But keep thy state; come not into their confusion. The power men possess to annoy me I give them by a weak curiosity. No man can come near me but through my act.
Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib|Burn worldly love, rub the ashes and make ink of it, make the heart the pen, the intellect the writer, write that which has no end or limit.
Leo Tolstoy|People of limited intelligence are fond of talking about "these days," imagining that they have discovered and appraised the peculiarities of "these days" and that human nature changes with the times.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Where lowland is, that's where water goes. All medicine wants is pain to cure.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Pull the string and it will follow wherever you wish. Push it, and it will go nowhere at all.
Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies|[The wives of powerful noblemen] must be highly knowledgeable about government, and wise – in fact, far wiser than most other such women in power. The knowledge of a baroness must be so comprehensive that she can understand everything. Of her a philosopher might have said: "No one is wise who does not know some part of everything." Moreover, she must have the courage of a man. This means that she should not be brought up overmuch among women nor should she be indulged in extensive and feminine pampering. Why do I say that? If barons wish to be honoured as they deserve, they spend very little time in their manors and on their own lands. Going to war, attending their prince's court, and traveling are the three primary duties of such a lord. So the lady, his companion, must represent him at home during his absences. Although her husband is served by bailiffs, provosts, rent collectors, and land governors, she must govern them all. To do this according to her right she must conduct herself with such wisdom that she will be both feared and loved. As we have said before, the best possible fear comes from love. When wronged, her men must be able to turn to her for refuge. She must be so skilled and flexible that in each case she can respond suitably. Therefore, she must be knowledgeable in the mores of her locality and instructed in its usages, rights, and customs. She must be a good speaker, proud when pride is needed; circumspect with the scornful, surly, or rebellious; and charitably gentle and humble toward her good, obedient subjects. With the counsellors of her lord and with the advice of elder wise men, she ought to work directly with her people. No one should ever be able to say of her that she acts merely to have her own way. Again, she should have a man's heart. She must know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it. She has to know both assault and defence tactics to insure that her fortresses are well defended, if she has any expectation of attack or believes she must initiate military action. Testing her men, she will discover their qualities of courage and determination before overly trusting them. She must know the number and strength of her men to gauge accurately her resources, so that she never will have to trust vain or feeble promises. Calculating what force she is capable of providing before her lord arrives with reinforcements, she also must know the financial resources she could call upon to sustain military action. She should avoid oppressing her men, since this is the surest way to incur their hatred. She can best cultivate their loyalty by speaking boldly and consistently to them, according to her council, not giving one reason today and another tomorrow. Speaking words of good courage to her men-at-arms as well as to her other retainers, she will urge them to loyalty and their best efforts.
Benjamin Disraeli|But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.
CrimethInc., Evasion|A day unemployed is like a bagel- even when it's bad, it's still pretty good...
Henry David Thoreau|The youth gets together his materials to build a bridge to the moon, or, perchance, a palace or temple on the earth, and, at length, the middle-aged man concludes to build a woodshed with them.
Samuel Johnson|Life is not long, and too much of it must not pass in idle deliberation how it shall be spent. 
Michael Anderson|Whatever you want to be in life, you're training for it right now.
Helen Hayes|If you rest, you rust.
Michael Bassey Johnson|No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.
Hannah Hart|Nobody is wired wrong, because there’s no wrong and right in the way we are.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|Journeys end in lovers meeting, Every wise man's son doth know.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|Earthlings went on being friendly, when they should have been thinking instead.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Each person you meetis an aspect of yourself,clamoring for love.
Plato|Wise men talk because they have something to say; Fools, because they have to say something.
Flannery O'Connor|The operation of the Church is entirely set up for the sinner; which creates much misunderstanding among the smug.”(August 9, 1955)
Bill W.|For the wise have always known that no one can make much of his life until self-searching has become a regular habit, until he is able to admit and accept what he finds, and until he patiently and persistently tries to correct what is wrong. – Bill W.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|They were quiet for a while, eating, then Oromis asked, "Can you tell me, What is the most important mental tool a person can possess?"It was a serious question, and Eragon considered it for a reasonable span before he ventured to say, "Determination."Oromis tore the loaf in half with his long white fingers. "I can understand why you arrived at that conclusion-determination has served you well in your adventures-but no. I meant the tool most necessary to choose the best course of action in any given situation. Determination is as common among men who are dull and foolish as it is among those who are brilliant intellects. So, no, determination cannot be what we're looking for.
George Burns, Doctor Burns' Prescription for Happiness|Money is the root of all evil.' Then we hear, 'A fool and his money are soon parted.' What are they talking about? If money is so evil, shouldn't it be, 'A wise man and his money are soon parted'? And another thing, how does a fool get money in the first place? I know some fools who have a lot of money, but they won't tell me how they got it, and I won't tell them.
C.S. Lewis, God in the Dock: Essays on Theology and Ethics|For my own part, I tend to find the doctrinal books often more helpful in devotion than the devotional books, and I rather suspect that the same experience may await others. I believe that many who find that ‘nothing happens’ when they sit down, or kneel down, to a book of devotion, would find that the heart sings unbidden while they are working their way through a tough bit of theology with a pipe in their teeth and a pencil in their hand.
John Bunyan|What God says is best, indeed is best, though all men in the world are against it. Seeing, then, that God prefers his religion; seeing God prefers a tender conscience; seeing they that make themselves fools for the kingdom of heaven are wisest; and that the poor man that loveth Christ is richer than the greatest man in the world that hates him: Shame, depart, thou art an enemy to my salvation.
George Eliot|What should I do—how should I act now, this very day . . . What she would resolve to do that day did not yet seem quite clear, but something that she could achieve stirred her as with an approaching murmur which would soon gather distinctness.
John Connolly, The Infernals|When did you get so clever?""When I realized I wasn't as clever as I thought.
Stefan Molyneux|The greater the gap between self perception and reality, the more aggression is unleashed on those who point out the discrepancy.
Napoleon Hill|Wise men, when in doubt whether to speak or to keep quiet, give themselves the benefit of the doubt, and remain silent.
Bertrand Russell|The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
Michel de Montaigne|I listen with attention to the judgment of all men;but so far as I can remember,I have followed none but my own.
Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly: On Being a Man|Burnout is nature's way of telling you, you've been going through the motions your soul has departed; you're a zombie, a member of the walking dead, a sleepwalker. False optimism is like administrating stimulants to an exhausted nervous system.
Audre Lorde|For we have been socialized to respect fear more than our own needs for language and definition, and while we wait in silence for that final luxury of fearlessness, the weight of that silence will choke us.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|If men could learn from history, what lessons it might teach us. But passion and party blind our eyes, and the light which experience gives us is a lantern on the stern, which shines only on the waves behind us.
Sharon Salzberg, The Power of Meditation: A 28-Day Programme for Real Happiness|If you’re reading these words, perhaps it’s because something has kicked open the door for you, and you’re ready to embrace change. It isn’t enough to appreciate change from afar, or only in the abstract, or as something that can happen to other people but not to you. We need to create change for ourselves, in a workable way, as part of our everyday lives.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|The soul, in its loneliness, hopes only for "salvation." And yet what is the burden of the Bible if not a sense of the mutuality of influence, rising out of an essential unity, among soul and body and community and world? These are all the works of God, and it is therefore the work of virtue to make or restore harmony among them. The world is certainly thought of as a place of spiritual trial, but it is also the confluence of soul and body, word and flesh, where thoughts must become deeds, where goodness must be enacted. This is the great meeting place, the narrow passage where spirit and flesh, word and world, pass into each other. The Bible's aim, as I read it, is not the freeing of the spirit from the world. It is the handbook of their interaction. It says that they cannot be divided; that their mutuality, their unity, is inescapable; that they are not reconciled in division, but in harmony. What else can be meant by the resurrection of the body? The body should be "filled with light," perfected in understanding. And so everywhere there is the sense of consequence, fear and desire, grief and joy. What is desirable is repeatedly defined in the tensions of the sense of consequence.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket" - which is but a matter of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention"; but the wise man saith, "Pull all your eggs in the one basket and - WATCH THAT BASKET." - Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Love begets wisdom, thus it is, as often misconceived, more than vain layers of tenderness; it is inherently rational and comprehensive of the problem within the problem: for instance, envy is one of the most excused sins in the media of political correctness. Those you find most attractive, or seem to have it all, are often some of the most insecure at heart, and that is because people assume that they do not need anything but defamation.
Elizabeth Goudge|The very old and the very young have something in common that makes it right that they should be left alone together. Dawn and sunset see stars shining in a blue sky; but morning and midday and afternoon do not, poor things.
Ann Herendeen, Phyllida and the Brotherhood of Philander|You think money can solve any problem, but all it s good for is buying the things it can, and leaving you free to pursue the things it can't.
Confucius|The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!”(Analects 6.11)
Kristen Ashley, Heaven and Hell|Wherever you are, however you got there, if it's good, you're meant to be there either because you earned it or life led you there and you were smart enough to hold on.
Seneca|errare humanum est, sed perseverare diabolicum: 'to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The closer you come to knowing that you alone create the world of your experience, the more vital it becomes for you to discover just who is doing the creating.
Karl Lagerfeld|When people want to be liked for what they did, they should stop.
Bashō Matsuo|Summer grasses,All that remainsOf soldiers' dreams
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|Forever is a really long time, you know? What do you do with forever?""The same thing you do when you don't have forever." He smiled wanly. "Live.
Hsin Hsin Ming|When love and hate are both absent, everything becomes clear and undisguised. Make the slightest distinction, however, and heaven and earth are set infinitely apart. If you wish to see the truth, then hold no opinions for or against anything. To set up what you like against what you dislike is the disease of the mind.
Margaret Maron, Bootlegger's Daughter|Every time we start thinking we're the center of the universe, the universe turns around and says with a slightly distracted air, 'I'm sorry. What'd you say your name was again?
Henri-Frédéric Amiel|It is not what he has, nor even what he does, which directly expresses the worth of a man, but what he is.
Chidi Okonkwo|Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.
Dejan Stojanovic|Be aware of the high notes, of the blissful faces and their soft messages, and listen for the silent message of a highly decorated gift.
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow|Balt Van Tassel was an easy indulgent soul; he loved his daughter better even than his pipe, and, like a reasonable man and an excellent father, let her have her way in everything.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality|To know how to put what knowledge in which place is wisdom (hikmah). Otherwise, knowledge without order and seeking it without discipline does lead to confusion and hence to injustice to one's self.
Hugh of Saint-Victor, The Didascalicon of Hugh of Saint Victor: A Medieval Guide to the Arts|It is, therefore, a great source of virtue for the practiced mind to learn, bit by bit, first to change about in visible and transitory things, so that afterwards it may be possible to leave them behind altogether. The man who finds his homeland sweet is still a tender beginner; he to whom every soil is as his native one is already strong; but he is perfect to whom the entire world is as a foreign land. The tender soul has fixed his love on one spot in the world; the strong man has extended his love to all places; the perfect man has extinguished his. From boyhood I have dwelt on foreign soil and I know with what grief sometimes the mind takes leave of the narrow hearth of a peasant's hut, and I know too how frankly it afterwards disdains marble firesides and panelled halls.
Frances Hodgson Burnett|One of the new things people began to find out in the last century was that thoughts- just mere thoughts- are as powerful as electric batteries- as good for one as sunlight is, or as bad for one as poison. To let a sad thought or a bad one get into your mind is as dangerous as letting a scarlet fever germ get into your body. If you let it stay there after it has got you in you may never get over it as long as you live.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|The compassionate person does not require other people to be stupid, in order to be intelligent. Their intelligence is for everyone, so as to have a world in which there is less ignorance. (118)
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The main thing about ghosts – most of them have lost their voices. In Asphodel, millions of them wander around aimlessly, trying to remember who they were. You know why they end up like that? Because in life they never took a stand one way or another. They never spoke out, so they were never heard. Your voice is your identity. If you don’t use it,’ Nico said with a shrug, ‘you’re halfway to Asphodel already.’…He hated when his own advice applied to himself.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The master of the garden is the one who waters it, trims the branches, plants the seeds, and pulls the weeds. If you merely stroll through the garden, you are but an acolyte.
Jalaluddin Rumi|A craftsman pulled a reed from the reedbed,cut holes in it, and called it a human being.Since then, it's been wailing a tender agonyof parting, never mentioning the skillthat gave it life as a flute
Jack Tempchin|Just remember this, my girl, when you look up in the sky you can see the stars and still not see the light.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|It’s obvious you kids are smart-school and good teachers will do that for you-but wisdom is something altogether different. Wisdom can be gathered in your downtime. Wisdom that can change the very course of your life will come from the people you are around, the books you read, and the things you listen to or watch on radio or television.
Lincoln Patz|Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|I am of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise,Regardless of others, ever regardful of others,Maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man,Stuffed with the stuff that is course, and stuffed with the stuff that is fine, one of the nation, of many nations, the smallest the same and the the largest
Traci L. Slatton, Immortal|Boy, the solid things you can hold in your hands are never all you've got. They're the least of what belong to you. The qualities inside you, those are what you've really got to defend yourself with.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Aeschylus writes, "In our sleep, pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grade of God.
Ann Patchett, What Now?|For the most part wisdom comes in chips rather than blocks. You have to be willing to gather them constantly, and from sources you never imagined to be probable. No one chip gives you the answer for everything. No one chip stays in the same place throughout your entire life. The secret is to keep adding voices, adding ideas, and moving things around as you put together your life. If you’re lucky, putting together your life is a process that will last through every single day you’re alive.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Peaceful disputes are maintained when men sincerely believe that they are morally, logically correct about the issues at hand. It is when neither side is really certain that wars are instigated.
Adriana Trigiani, Very Valentine|I love you , Valentine’ is actually a popular phrase used in greeting cards.”If you were sending me one, what would it say?” he asks.I love you, too, Roman.”And there it is, words that I dread to say and do mean, because with them comes the responsibility of owning it, moving forward together and deciding for real who we are to each other. Now we’re not just lovers discovering what we like and sharing what we know. In this mutual declaration, we’re accountable to each other. We’re in love, and now, our relationship has to build slowly and beautifully in order to hold all the joy and misery that lies ahead.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|I would have liked to come into the grocery some morning and see them all, even the Elberts and the children, lying there crying with the pain of dying. I would help myself to groceries, I thought, stepping over their bodies, taking whatever I fancied from the shelves, and go home, with perhaps a kick for Mrs.Donell while she lay there. I was never sorry when I had thoughts like this; I only wished they would come true.
Homer, The Iliad|Why so much grief for me? No man will hurl me down to Death, against my fate. And fate? No one alive has ever escaped it, neither brave man nor coward, I tell you - it’s born with us the day that we are born.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|And, as always happens, and happens far too soon, the strange and wonderful becomes a memory and a memory becomes a dream. Tomorrow it's gone.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Knowledge that is acquiredis not like this. Those who have it worry ifaudiences like it or not.It's a bait for popularity.Disputational knowing wants customers.It has no soul...The only real customer is God.Chew quietlyyour sweet sugarcane God-Love, and stayplayfully childish.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|If you argue and rankle and contradict, you may achieve a victory sometimes; but it will be an empty victory because you will never get your opponent's good will.
Wayne W. Dyer|You must become the producer, director and actor in the unfolding story of your life.
Isaiah Berlin|The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
Ricardo Reis|Para ser grande, sê inteiro: nadaTeu exagera ou exclui.Sê todo em cada coisa. Põe quanto ésNo mínimo que fazes.Assim em cada coisa a Lua todaBrilha, porque alta vive.
Wayne W. Dyer|Remember, purpose is about giving...All you can do with your life is to give it away in the service of others.
Greg Hamerton, The Riddler's Gift|Those who try to juggle wisdom, power and greed, drop one of the balls, every time.”—Zarost
L.J. Smith, Witchlight|That was courage, Keller thought. Not doing something without being afraid, but doing something even though you were afraid.
Laurence Hope|For this is Wisdom; to love, to liveTo take what fate, or the Gods may give.To ask no question, to make no prayer,To kiss the lips and caress the hair,Speed passion's ebb as you greet its flowTo have, -to hold -and -in time, -let go!
Scott Hahn, Lord, Have Mercy: The Healing Power of Confession|As we grow detached from things, we come (with God's help) to master our desires, and we give the mastery over to God. Discipline and divine grace heal the intellect and the will of the effects of concupiscence. We can begin to see things clearly.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Hardest of all, as one becomes older, is to accept that sapient remarks can be drawn from the most unwelcome or seemingly improbable sources, and that the apparently more trustworthy sources can lead one astray.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|People love answers, but only as long as they are the ones who came up with them.
Henry David Thoreau|Our moments of inspiration are not lost though we have no particular poem to show for them; for those experiences have left an indelible impression, and we are ever and anon reminded of them. 
Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies|Women particularly should concern themselves with peace because men by nature are more foolhardy and headstrong, and their overwhelming desire to avenge themselves prevents them from foreseeing the resulting dangers and terrors of war. But woman by nature is more gentle and circumspect. Therefore, if she has sufficient will and wisdom she can provide the best possible means to pacify man.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|And someone, somewhere, was having an even worse time of it than me. I tried to keep that in mind. No matter how crappy your life, someone will probably beat you in the my-life-is-crap category. Not that I don't let myself whine a little now and then, but sometimes it's good to keep your misery in perspective
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|Friendship, as has been said, consists in a full commitment of the will to another person with a view to that person's good.
C. JoyBell C.|‎They are angry with me, because I know what I am." Said the little eagle. "How do you know that they are angry with you?" "Because, they despise me for wanting to soar, they only want me to peck at the dirt, looking for ants, with them. But I can't do that. I don't have chicken feet, I have eagle wings." "And what is so wrong with having eagle wings and no chicken feet?" Asked the old owl. "I'm not sure, that's what I'm trying to find out." "They hate you because you know that you are an eagle and they want you to think you are a chicken so that you will peck at the ground looking for ants and worms, so that you will never know that you are an eagle and always think yourself a chicken. Let them hate you, they will always be chickens, and you will always be an eagle. You must fly. You must soar." Said the old owl.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|She wished she could visit Mariam's grave, to sit with her awhile, leave a flower or two. But she sees now that it doesn't matter. Mariam is never very far.... Mariam is in her own heart, where she shines with the bursting radiance of a thousand suns.
Joe Vigil|There are two goddesses in your heard. The Goddess of Wisdom and the Goddess of Wealth. Everyone thinks they need to get wealth first, and wisdom will come. So they concern themselves with chasing money. But they have it backwards. You have to give your heart to the Goddess of Wisdom, giver her all your love and attention, and the Goddess of Wealth will become jealous, and follow you.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|The Shaod, it was called. The Transformation... When it came, the fortuante person's life ended and began anew; he would discard his old, mundane existence and move to Elantris. Elantris, where he could live in bliss, rule in wisdom, and be worshiped for eternity.Eternity ended ten years ago.
Tina Carreiro, Power of the Moon|We all have scars, Mia; they are supposed to make you stronger, not paralyze you.” ~Cole
Kathleen Norris|The Christian religion asks us to put our trust not in ideas, and certainly not in ideologies, but in a God Who was vulnerable enough to become human and die, and Who desires to be present to us in our ordinary circumstances.
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow|...ducks and geese are foolish things, and must be looked after, but girls can take care of themselves.
Haruo Shirane, Early Modern Japanese Literature: An Anthology, 1600-1900|If love goes too far, it turns into cruelty.
Hailey Edwards|Life after love was possible. I was proof. Loss taught you about yourself, burrowed in the dark parts of your soul and ate you from the inside out.
Jayce O'Neal|We judge others by their actions and ourselves by our intentions. We need to offer grace to all, because we all need a little grace.
Emma Campion, The King's Mistress|That is how we become wise, by living each day attending to the lessons God puts in our path.
George Sand, La mare au diable|The maid told him that a girl and a child had come looking for him, but since she didn't know them, she hadn't cared to ask them in, and had told them to go on to Mers."Why didn't you let them in?" asked Germain angrily. "People must be very suspicious in this part of the world, if they won't open the front door to a neighbor.""Well, naturally!" replied the maid. "In a house as rich as this, you have to keep a close watch on things. While the master's away I'm responsible for everything, and I can't just open the door to anyone at all.""That's a mean way to live," said Germain; "I'd rather be poor than live in fear like that. Good-bye to you, miss, and good-bye to this horrible country of yours!
Henry David Thoreau|Silence is the universal refuge, the sequel to all dull discourses and all foolish acts, a balm to our every chagrin, as welcome after satiety as after disappointment; that background which the painter may not daub, be he master or bungler, and which, however awkward a figure we may have made in the foreground, remains ever our inviolable asylum, where no indignity can assail, no personality can disturb us.
Omar Khayyám|Oh, come with old Khayyàm, and leave the Wise To talk; one thing is certain, that Life flies; One thing is certain, and the Rest is Lies; The Flower that once has blown forever dies.
Marva J. Dawn, Keeping the Sabbath Wholly: Ceasing, Resting, Embracing, Feasting|A great benefit of Sabbath keeping is that we learn to let God take care of us — not by becoming passive and lazy, but in the freedom of giving up our feeble attempts to be God in our own lives.
Isocrates|Spend your leisure time in cultivating an ear attentive to discourse, for in this way you will find that you learn with ease what others have found out with difficulty.
Sogyal Rinpoche|How many of us are swept away by what I have come to call an 'active laziness'?It consists of cramming our lives with compulsive activity, so that there is no time at all to confront the real issues.
ابن قيم الجوزية|The slave is not afflicted with a punishment greater than the hardening of the heart and being distant from Allah. For the Fire was created to melt the hardened heart. The most distant heart from Allah is the heart which is hardened. If the heart becomes hardened, the eye becomes dry.
David Starr Jordan|Wisdom is knowing what to do next; Skill is knowing how to do it, and Virtue is doing it.
Carolyn Mackler, Vegan, Virgin, Valentine|The one thing I do remember is that as I retraced my steps through all the familiar streets of my life, Inow felt completely lost.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|He knows he will be born again, And start fresh anew.
Nancy B. Brewer|Humans will never be in charge of this world, as long as dust and weeds do as they please.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|For the newborn and wise, everything begins small.
Roy  Bennett|Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring what others think.
Wu Cheng'en, Monkey: A Journey to the West|Nothing in this world is difficult, but thinking makes it seem so. Where there is true will, there is always a way.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Bestselling Guide to Reading Books and Accessing Information|There are genuine mysteries in the world that mark the limits of human knowing and thinking. Wisdom is fortified, not destroyed, by understanding its limitations. Ignorance does not make a fool as surely as self-deception.
J.I. Packer|Confidence that one's impressions are God-given is no guarantee that this is really so, even when they persist and grow stronger through long seasons of prayer. Bible-based wisdom must judge them.
Lama Surya Das|The secret, or innermost, level of wisdom is pure intuition, clarity, lucidity, innate wakefulness, presence, and recognition of reality. This transcendental wisdom is within all of us—it just needs to be discovered and developed, unfolded and actualized.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|Those who possess wisdom cannot just ladle it out to every wantwit and jackanapes who comes along and asks for it. A person must be prepared to receive wisdom, or else it will do him more harm than good. Moreover, a lout thrashing about in the clear waters of wisdom will dirty those waters for everyone else.
Euripides|Who knoweth if to die be but to live, and that called life by mortals be but death?
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Let discernment be your trustee, and mistakes your teacher.
Amanda Hocking, Wisdom|If Peter Pan had been real, he would've gone mad and killed everyone in Neverland.
Benny Bellamacina, The King of Rhyme|The life we’re given is on a thread, so wear it well.
Kentetsu Takamori, Unlocking Tannisho: Shinran's Words on the Pure Land Path|Since living is believing, no one can be completely lacking in faith.
Dorothy Parker, Constant Reader|But I give you my word, in the entire book there is nothing that cannot be said aloud in mixed company. And there is, also, nothing that makes you a bit the wiser. I wonder--oh, what will you think of me--if those two statements do not verge upon the synonymous.
Santosh Kalwar|Oh dear Sunday, I am so happy that I want your entire wisdom at my dinner table.
Piet Hein, Grooks 1|A WORD TO THE WISELet the world pass in its time-ridden race; never get caught in its snare.Remember, the only acceptable casefor being in any particular place is having no business there.
Bill Moyers|Constitutional democracy, you see, is no romantic notion. It's our defense against ourselves, the one foe who might defeat us.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Darling, has not the count just told us that all human wisdom is summed up in two words? Wait and hope.
Abraham Lincoln|in times like the present, men should utter nothing for which they would not willingly be responsible through time and eternity.
