Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Death is an illusion, Love is not!
Ramana Pemmaraju|Never crave for anyone, you will get what you're destined in your life! Trust Existence!
Ramana Pemmaraju|It's amazing what people do for love, but the most astonishing fact is how love transforms people...
Avijeet Das|I closed my eyes, took a deep breath and dived deeply into her ocean of love and that's how I saved my soul!
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Polygamy is about sex, whereas monogamy is about love.
Tanya Gambhir|He cubbed her in his arms to sleep,even her demons snored that night ~
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|I love you, Karla,” I said when we were alone again. “I loved you the first second I saw you. I think I’ve loved you for as long as there’s been love in the world. I love your voice. I love your face. I love your hands. I love everything you do, and I love the way you do everything. It feels like magic when you touch me. I love the way your mind works, and the things you say. And even though it’s all true, all that, I don’t really understand it, and I can’t explain it – to you or to myself. I just love you. I just love you with all my heart. You do what God should do: you give me a reason to live. You give me a reason to love the world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Joy doubles your faith, strength triples your might, and love quadruples your power.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Promoting promiscuity in this evolved and civilized society is actually like signing the Declaration, that says:“I hereby renounce my membership of humankind, since I am neither human nor kind. I declare that I no longer belong to the modern human species, i.e. the Homo sapiens. From now on I shall be counted among the swingers of the animal kingdom, such as the bonobo or montane vole. I am simply an arrogant philandering savage.
Avijeet Das|Either I love someone completely, totally and madly or not at all!
Sami Abouzid|She Had a Wish, To Leave This Old Town, and See the World Out there
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Polygamy is a luxury of the cave-people, and monogamy is an existential responsibility of the civilized society.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|when you betray to someone , first you betray to yourself, who speak somewhere inside you that you are a good human
Siobhan Davis, Keeping Kyler|He has me pinned on my back in record time, his mouth crashing against mine as we frantically devour one another. “Awesome speech,” he murmurs, pushing my sweater up and planting his hot mouth against my equally hot skin. “Very motivational.
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|...Morning takes youagain to the placeof no return...I don’t have the timeto tell you,how much I wantyou to be here…
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving & The Peaceful Wristband: How to Keep The Atraction Alive and His Love Growing For You|WHEN YOU ARE GREATFUL, THE UNIVERSE AND THE WORLD WANT TO GIVE YOU MORE.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving & The Peaceful Wristband: How to Keep The Atraction Alive and His Love Growing For You|TO BE TREATED WITH KINDNESS AND COMPASSION, ALWAYS TREAT OTHERS IN THE SAME WAY, INCLUDING YOUR PARTNER.
Lukhman Pambra|Between a man and a woman, betrayal is not the ultimate sin. It is the withdrawal and departure from one another devoid of a decent just!
Lukhman Pambra|I hardly have a typo when I am drunk and texting! But, I will have enough typos when I am emotionally charged with love, lust, poetry and hope, and texting!
Wisdom Kwashie Mensah|A MOTHER is aMentor, who Over looks all your faults, a Trainer/Teacher, whoHaven't ceased in praying for you, anEndless counselor, sheRevere because she Reliable.
Sami Abouzid|When you go back in time, you will find out that the ones you said NO To, Were the ones who truly loved you.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I'm yet to see a Man more graceful, civilized and patient while making love with his woman; and a Woman who has never rejeced her man's sexual advances!
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|...You are here again,so realistic,just, the golden dawn takes you away in the morning...Be here now,not there,where there is nothingbut starsand emptiness......
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Gravity of Us|To love,and all the heartache that weighs it down.To love,and all the heartbeats that lift it up.
Leah Konen, The Romantics|1. Romantic: One who ruthlessly believes in love in its finest form and impresses those feelings onto his or her various relationships. May result in scaring off partners, falling for the wrong person, and desperately trying to turn life into a movie with glamorous Old Hollywood actors. May also result in some of the best, most inspiring, and deepest relationships around.
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|Don't bow your head!It gets even harder...Look at meand say that, what was incomplete.Think of forbiddenand dream, as I do....
Ahmed Mostafa|You're like a band-aid that is slowly ripping off, and I'm still wounded!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge, teach. Wisdom, acquire. Understanding, share. Love, spread.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|In the unification of two minds, orientation of sexuality is irrelevant.
Sami Abouzid|My heart is tossing and turning, I can't stop thinking of you, Oh baby my heart is burning I can't stop loving you.
Karen Kingsbury, Love Story|And like that, the decades disappeared and the memory of that night came to life again. The way John had known it would. He didn't fight it, didn't work to stay in the here and now. If he was going to go back, then he wanted to relive it. All of it.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Sex is not just about going in or letting in, it is really about welcoming your dearly beloved into the deepest regions of your psyche which are inaccessible to anybody else.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|Think of it, I literally had to touch death and be born again to live a glimpse of the life that I never had.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Pray for faith, hope for peace, strive for unity, and persevere for harmony.
Paul O'Brien|We need to maintain an awareness of our awareness, of what we are paying attention to, in order to discriminate between higher and lower forms of love.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Sexual intimacy is not the destination, it is the path - the path that leads to mental union.
Sami Abouzid|Let’s talk about love , Baby Let’s talk about our dreams ...Just in your arms ...Oh I’ll be safe it seems…
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is loud; the soul hears it, even if the universe is deaf.
Abesh Das|The best feeling I have ever felt is by holding your handbecause it is the hand I am holding today,I will hold it tomorrow andit is the hand that will hold me when I will be old.#indrani(wifey)
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|When you betray someone, First you betray to yourself who speak somewhere inside you that you are good human
Sami Abouzid|People Will Hear What The Wish To Hear, So Why Can’t Say and Do What You Wish In Life.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|I wanted to cover as much distance as possible to be away from where we were, but there was a storm which restricted me. And now, I have been praying for more snow for the last two days, but it’s just melting away to plain water.
Avijeet Das|Seeing old photographs, we get enamored by the memories we made which will keep tugging at our heart-strings forever and ever...
Sami Abouzid|Many Words Of Love are Spoken, Many Hearts Still Broken, Many Promises Were Meant To Last Forever Girl.
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|Look for mein sleepless nights,among the stars,I’ll be your guiding star...Look for mein the moments of happiness,on a green field,I’ll be your joy....
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|You know what is the problem with trust??It really stops the conversation, because you take the things for granted,Things value less to you because you know that, that thing is going to be there for you, no matter what,You stop talking about love because you believe that you've got the saturation point in your relationship,And you've got her completely,And that is the problem. You don’t own her,Because sometimes love is not enough,And bad is strong to iterate itself with you,It is much stronger to come back.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|For one more time, he decided to give away smoking.And then, she happened one more time in his head.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I never realized how much you meant to me until someone spoke your name and an irrepressible, goofy grin stretched my lips.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|He was lying there on his death bed, and he asked for her as his last wish.She came with tears in her eyes. He held her hand and said with a smile," I wish I died daily", And then a flat line.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|The truth is not always what you see. It is about what you actually want to see. You cannot let go your whole life based on truth. Because, sometimes, it is a lie that we count on for our togetherness.And when I said that I do not need you, I actually wanted to keep us together, with that lie.
Avijeet Das|At times all you need is a bottle of fine old wine, a mellifluous piece of music playing in the background and a good book to spend the entire night in a magical bliss!
Sami Abouzid|With all my heart , I’m willing to try a start
Kendare Blake, Three Dark Crowns|It will not be easy for him to see her dead, should they become close. But she has so few friends. She cannot turn one away.
Sami Abouzid|We Have Nothing in Common, So I t would be a wasted life If I’ll ever fall for her. In addition, life is too precious to be wasted in this way.
Bert McCoy|Stop digging up the past, lay down your shovel, the past is dead.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Until I knew that it was you inside me, who has so much to say, I hesitated writing.
Avijeet Das|And what is life without the company of wine, women and good weather.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Red eyes, clogged vessels, tanned cells and septum holes, She came up to me with an ashtray, and a bunch of tobacco rolls,I mean, how can I fill the gap that you've created?? How could I switch the clock back to the past, for the time I have wasted? I have gone a sedate now; the heart has stopped pumping zeal into my head,And for the hole in my heart, which is so dead now, which has run out of life now,I carry the loads of moments that you've endowed.
Sami Abouzid|Out of reach and out of sight ,Oh my heart will follow your light ,Won’t you hear my heart ,Need you tonight …..
Sami Abouzid|Good guys, Win in movies, Baby My heart is crying Like rain in May
Sami Abouzid|Oh, I told Once , and I told you Twice , Stay here With me In my Paradise I need you I miss you More and more Each day
Sami Abouzid|Oh, I told You once and I told You twiceTake this Call of love , Never think TwiceCome share My love , Come share My love again
Sami Abouzid|Baby , In your eyes Sweet memories of the good times we had
Sami Abouzid|I missed you ,I missed everything about youYour magical eyes ,Your heavenly smile ...Baby I’m in love with you
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|It's the gravity of love that makes you fall,and it's the same force that builds you up.
Avijeet Das|And what did the North Star tell the Moon last night? He said "I love you!
Ramana Pemmaraju|He was busy exploring her body, while she was searching for her soulmate!
Avijeet Das|I don't want any more magic in my life, your love is enough for me!
Avijeet Das|And then in a moment of pure magic, our lips touch tenderly and sensitively!
Avijeet Das|When I see you smile, I feel a volcano of magical eruptions happening within my heart!
Avijeet Das|And on cold wintry nights she loves listening to Elvis croon "Are you lonesome tonight?" just as I do.
Avijeet Das|Love happens sublimely, serenely and accidentally! It will happen when you least expect it to!
Avijeet Das|We have conversations most nights, Sylvia Plath and me. On these cold wintry nights with our coffee mugs in hand, we talk for hours and hours, Sylvia Plath and me!
Avijeet Das|Your mind, your words, your charm and your style are all the sexiness that I need in my life!
Timothy Joshua|The only thing that mattered to me, was the fact that I mattered to you.
Avijeet Das|In the silence of the ticking of the clock’s minute hand, I found you. In the echoes of the reverberations of time, I found you. In the tender silence of the long summer night, I found you. In the fragrance of the rose petals, I found you. In the orange of the sunset, I found you. In the blue of the morning sky, I found you. In the echoes of the mountains, I found you. In the green of the valleys, I found you. In the chaos of this world, I found you. In the turbulence of the oceans, I found you. In the shrill cries of the grasshopper at night, I found you. In the gossamer sublimity of the silken cobweb, I found you.
Avijeet Das|I don't need the sea to drown in, your eyes are enough for me!
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently: Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women Worldwide and the Reality about Them|Ignorance causes pain, but awareness creates happiness. Therefore, look for enlightenment every day.
Avijeet Das|She texted me 'I love you.'I texted back 'I love you too.'She then texted me 'I love you more.'And I smiled reading her message and texted in reply 'No, I love you more.'Then she texted me 'I love you infinity power infinity power infinity into infinity.'I had no words to reply and smiled looking at her text!
Avijeet Das|She says she loves me infinity power infinity power infinity into infinity! And I look at the sky, smile, and 'sigh!
Bunny Naidu|Don't Cry For Someone, Who Killed Your Smile.
Bunny Naidu|The Happiness Happen to Me is, When You are With Me.
Avijeet Das|You can't take love for granted! You need to be patient. And just as flowers take time to blossom, love will one day blossom in your heart!
Genereux Philip|When you start doubting God, remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome by having the Lord in your life.
Avijeet Das|When I see you smile, I feel a volcano of lovely eruptions happening within my heart!
Avijeet Das|I feel your body against mine, while our lips are intertwined.
Vandana Yadav|Love is an urge to be with himWhen the first raindrop falls.Love is an ecstasy, the joy you feelWhen his presence is sound.Love is a tender tickle when youSit alone thinking of him.Love is a tear of happinessWhen the proposal dooms...
Avijeet Das|Whenever they met, the air crackled and sparks flew in the sky.
Avijeet Das|We will join our palms together, fingers intertwined in each other, and look at the stars in the night sky!
Ramana Pemmaraju|You don't marry a woman because you love her, you do because you're MAD for her.
Dominique Eastwick, Siren's Serenade|I think you’ll find since I already love you, your Siren’s serenade will have no effect on me.
Dr Karan M Pai|Love : the most powerful but most dangerous feeling in the world. I have lost my love several times. Every love has a time to be in it, that was not my time but it never meant that was not love. Love that breaks but still keeps you together. Out of all heart breaks all I could learn is the motivation, inspiration, confidence & dedication which I got it when I was in love. I shall treasure to be the better person I am ..
Carina Aguilar|Don't ask me to define love, for love cannot be explained. It can only be felt.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I hope you know I love you, not just because I tell you so at every opportunity, but because I show you so as often as the sun sets.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When I first heard your voice, my heart leapt in my chest as if it recognized you as its owner from another lifetime.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Truth is, I’m generally happiest when it’s just me. It’s okay to be madly in love with yourself.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|She laughed, and he fell in love.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Your face is engraved in my mind. I can’t erase it. I don’t want to. Because as much as I hate you, I love you. And I love you unforgettably.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The ocean has limits, but true love does not.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|There is no suspension, no whispered prayer for silk to stop my fall. There is only the falling, and it goes on and on, in fierce silence and sharp bursts of breath.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Please stop. If you keep chipping off little pieces of my heart, soon there will be no heart left with which to love you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Love by the sweat of thy brow.Not through whispered words of hollow sound or lofty dreams ne’er substance bound that more than oft do run aground. Nay, love with mighty, blistered hands that turn the soil and carve the land. A bearer of toil and golden band. Be strong! A founder of the feast! Protective knight who slays the beast! For promises and vows aloud are naught but wispy veneer shroud like cobwebs, frail, the airy words and wooing fail. So work, my darling. Toil as proof. Thy loyal heart be drained of youth and yet beat on, incessant sound. Both feet take root within the ground, and service be thy kingly crown.Love by the sweat of thy brow.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|At the core of love is validation. It is what gives love power. For when love is given away, validation seeps in and expands in the heart of the recipient, filling up every empty, dark corner. It is a wonderful, light, consuming feeling we long for, and once found, we hope—even expect—it will forever remain. But there are times when that most precious love is revoked, and a hard scab forms over the empty hole. Though this scab is both healing and protective, it is the reason why validation from future love may not seep in so easily, no matter how wanting the heart.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we forgive someone, we don’t pretend that the harm didn’t happen or cause us pain. We see it clearly for what it was, but we also come to see that fixating on the memory of harm generates anger and sadness.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we truly allow ourselves to feel our own pain, over time it comes to seem less personal. We start to recognize that what we’ve perceived as our pain is, at a deeper level, the pain inherent in human existence.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Healing comes in many ways, and no one formula fits all.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Letting go is an inside job, something only we can do for ourselves.
Sachin sawariya|Love me forever, But Love me for a reason,Let the reason be love & Fun.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Our can-do culture has made many of us believe that we should always be self-sufficient. Somewhere along the way, we also got the message that asking for help is a sign of weakness. We often forget that we’re interdependent creatures whose very existence depends on the kindness of others, including—with a bow to Tennessee Williams—strangers.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we are willing to explore our own experiences, we open the doorway to deeper connection and intimacy.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|In more ways than any of us can name, love is wrapped up with the idea of expectation.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Letting go is actually a healthy foundation upon which we can open up to real love—to giving, receiving, and experiencing it authentically and organically.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Mindfulness may help you gain insight into your role in conflicts with others, it won’t single-highhandedly help you resolve them.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|These are times when sympathetic joy comes naturally, but in a complex relationship the heart may not leap up so easily.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Sympathetic joy is a practice. It takes time and effort to free ourselves of the scarcity story that most of us have learned along the way, the idea that happiness is a competition, and that someone else is grabbing all the joy.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|By experimenting with sympathetic joy, we break from the constricted world of individual struggle and see that joy exists in more places than we have yet imagined.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|To celebrate someone else’s life, we need to find a way to look at it straight on, not from above with judgment or from below with envy.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Love is not the primeval surge of libidinal lust that a person receives when meeting a suitable partner for the first time. Love in the truest sense of the term is born much later in a relationship, when both sides get to the know the truest selves of each other.
Sameer  Khan, Eerie Edges|All I want to do is, help you rebuild yourself.Restructure your devastated heart. For Iknow, it's impossible to build the exact sameshrine once destroyed in a place but at leastyou can make a garden of bliss over awreckage
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|Here's what I've learned about "soon"; it's short for "someday." We make space in our lives for what matters, now. Not in promises and soons, but on mantels with sterling frames, in shelves we clear to make room for our now. Everything else i talk.
Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Worst Mistake|He would let Violet find her own way and time to tell Elizabeth. In the interim, he would listen and hold her hand and offer his counsel, but he would not push. He understood now how deep her wounds ran, how hard it was for her to trust that she could make mistakes and still deserve love.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Even when we do our very best to treat those close to us with utmost respect and understanding, conflict happens. That’s life. That’s human nature.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|No connection is always easy or free of strife, no matter how many minutes a day we meditate. It’s how we relate to conflict, as well as to our differing needs and expectations, that makes our relationships sustainable.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|As we explore new ways of loving and being loved by others, we need to equip ourselves with open, pliant minds; we need to be willing to investigate, experiment, and evaluate as we approach a topic we thought we knew so much about.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Love simply, perpetually exists and that it’s a matter of psychic housekeeping to make room for it.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|It's tough to have an authentic relationship with awe in the age of awesome, a word that has become so overused as to be drained of its meaning.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We exercise kindness in any moment when we recognize our shared humanity—with all the hopes, dreams, joys, disappointments, vulnerability, and suffering that implies.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|It was the best start of the day. A day started with a rejection. Maybe, by the end of the day, I would spend the majority of my vitality making the thing occur all alone.Maybe, tonight would be distinctive.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Why cannot you be loud in saying 'I love you' ?", she asked.Me:- It is just because I have got a great depth inside me that will take some time to reach the horizon. But believe me, it would be the loudest of all, anyone has ever heard.
Dr. Karan M Pai|I love the sparkle in your eyes and the beautiful smile you have when we are together. I want to be by your side to watch you smile every second.The day you were born was a lucky day for so many people. You enrich my life so much and I love you more than you can imagine.. I wish I had the gift of making rhymes, for me thoughts, there is poetry in my head and heart since I have been in love with you.
Avijeet Das|We must believe in love, always!
Meeta Ahluwalia|With each embrace, I poured my soul into his, till his and mine were the same.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Love can be all things.But, Just never enough.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|You are so adorable. You can never be bad. Everyone has a hysterical part in himself, and I may be that part you. I’m just a lunatic. Maybe, a demon. And you.You’re the world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To appreciate pleasure, someone had to experience pain; to appreciate joy, some had to experience sorrow; to appreciate love, some had to experience heartache; to appreciate freedom, some had to experience fear.
Jenny O'Brien|There was only the two of them standing on top of the world, the rest of their lives waiting silently at their feet.They eased apart, still touching with their eyes, their hands, their souls. (Girl Descending)
Vladimir Lenin|He loved her with the fire of a thousand suns, she was his solace in the chaos, his redemption.
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|I think I need to take frequent breaks from kissing your body to return to your lips, kissing you feels so good.
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|I'd take off your clothes, fast enough to not give you time to reconsider, but gently, while kissing your lips.
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|Her neck - a swan’s neck, gracious and gentle, her breasts - two mountainous guardians over the valley of her generous heart.
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|Her legs are two rivers, and the delta where they bleed into each other is the well of ecstasy.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|All I can say is if one was tea, the other coffee. If one was smoke, the other cigar. There is absolutely nothing in common between them except they both fought to win.
Avijeet Das|While outside the window, the raindrops pitter pattered on leaves that shivered and sparkled, inside we made love for the first time!
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|It was only a matter of time. She would love him before the week was out and it would be gloriously terrible, wonderfully hopeless.
Avijeet Das|When we kissed for the second time, we didn't stop (couldn't).
Avijeet Das|Love is when you have not been home for three months and call up home and your daughter picks up the phone and says "Papa, I love you!
Mensah Oteh|Focus on the future and the outcomes you want, not your present setbacks or failures.
Mensah Oteh|Your beliefs frame your thoughts and actions. If you change your beliefs, you change your reality.
Mensah Oteh|Through reframing, you can eliminate all limiting experiences from your life.
Mensah Oteh|The outcomes in your life will depend on the quality of the frames you use to evaluate the events, the choices you make, and your decision not to be affected negatively by any events that occur.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|It’s not what happens, it’s what you do that makes the difference to how things turn out. Change your perspective in the way that serves you best.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Focus is central to everything you do, and where your focus goes, energy flows
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Focus means exercising the self-discipline required to keep your time, energy and attention directed towards the outcomes you have chosen whilst avoiding all distractions – good or bad.
Mensah Oteh|The path to success lies in finding something you have a passion for, care deeply about, and are willing to apply all of your energy and focus to.
Mensah Oteh|There are many good things in the world, but not all of them benefit you. Focus keeps you on the path of what is right and away from other options.
Mensah Oteh|To succeed, you have to say ‘no’ more often than you say ‘yes’. This is easier when you have a definite purpose or clarity on the desired outcome.
Avijeet Das|Thy dark eyes beckon me into the darkest nether world of dark galaxies and darker supernovas. Forever in darkness, I know no light! Thy darkness my dark-light!
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|All worthwhile endeavours begin in your thoughts, and focusing your thoughts appropriately will increase your chances of success.
Mensah Oteh|If you can stay focused on your most important goal, you can become incredibly successful, but to stay focused you must intentionally create and maintain an environment, atmosphere, and culture that keeps you focused.
Mensah Oteh|When we think of success, we often associate those who are successful with the things they do rather than the things they don’t, and focus is found in the latter.
Mensah Oteh|To develop stronger focus, develop a greater reason or meaning for your goal.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|You will fall short of achieving your goals if your focus is fragmented and your attention, energy, and concentration diversified.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Focus comes from a promise of the future, and therefore the strength and longevity of your focus will seldom exceed the strength of your purpose, vision, dreams or goal.
Mensah Oteh|Failure results from broken focus, and an average person with complete unwavering focus can achieve more than a team of geniuses with broken focus.
Mensah Oteh|Focus determines your feelings, which in turn influence your behaviour, actions and your destiny.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Focus is not a state of single-mindedly pursuing one goal or objective without getting distracted. Rather, it’s a commitment to exert all concentration and effort through constant adjustment like the lens of the human eye on a vision or purpose
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Fail faster, but (more importantly) fail intelligently.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|In times of difficulty, take time out and seek support and encouragement.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Invested wisely, time produces a good return. Invested poorly, it has little or no value and is therefore wasted.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Regardless of your gender, age, race, disability, colour, ethnic or national origin, how you use time each day decides who you become.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Although time is equally possessed by everyone, it is valued and used differently by the successful.
Mensah Oteh|If you don’t understand the concept of time or appreciate its value, it’s almost impossible to be successful.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|The value of time lies in its brevity. To use it effectively, you must know its value.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|You can do this by disciplining yourself to be selective in what you read, see, hear, say to yourself and the influence of others.
Avijeet Das|When you brought light to my darkness, I undiscovered the eclipse!
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Circumstances, events or situations do not have inherent meanings except what you give them.
Mensah Oteh|Your perspective determines your experiences, attitude and the quality of your life.
Mensah Oteh|You can choose the quality and the type of reality you experience every day through your focus. What you focus on, you feel.
Mensah Oteh|Circumstances, events or situations have no power except that which you give them.
Mensah Oteh|Becoming your best self should be your ultimate goal, and wisdom helps you discover your true self and can guide you towards manifesting your potential.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Invest in yourself, because you will only ever achieve the level of success that matches your level of wisdom.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Investing in your personal development requires time, energy, and money, but the investment provides a great return.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Investments are about the return they provide in increased opportunities, prosperity, health, wealth, happiness, joy, and success.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Wisdom is made complete with knowledge, understanding and good judgement.
Mensah Oteh|You have the paintbrush in your hand, you can make the picture of your life brighter and bigger or duller and darker, it’s up to you.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|For long-term success, invest 5-10% of your time each day and 5-10% of your income each month in increasing your wisdom.
Mensah Oteh|Like soil, the quality of your mind decides the quality and quantity of ideas your mind can produce.
Mensah Oteh|Review how you spend your money and time across all areas of your life, and judge for yourself whether your investment in your mind is right for the future you want.
Mensah Oteh|Wisdom isn’t expensive, but ignorance is.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|To gain wisdom you must be willing to invest time, energy, and money in your personal development.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Feed your mind with thoughts that inspire, motivate, encourage, empower, educate and instruct you by deliberately choosing the information you allow into your world through sight, sound and people.
Mensah Oteh|Positive thoughts are the birthing ground for making your dreams, goals, and desires come true.
Mensah Oteh|Everything starts as a thought. Whether you feel happy or sad, calm or anxious, content or unfulfilled is a function of your thoughts.
Mensah Oteh|You can’t always control your external environment, but you can manage your micro environment by intentionally choosing what you allow to influence you – by sight, sound, and presence.
Mensah Oteh|You don’t have to allow the drama and events of the economy, others people’s lives, and external circumstances to limit your potential and rob you of the life you deserve.
Mensah Oteh|You have absolute control over your thoughts, and guarding your mind is a choice.
Mensah Oteh|Renew your mind by flooding it with inspiring, empowering, educational and edifying thoughts and words.
Mensah Oteh|Discipline yourself to shut the door of your mind on people, events, or things that pull you down, drain your mental or emotional energy, and try to rob you of your promise of the future.
Mensah Oteh|Your external world is a mirror of your internal world, and if you can discipline yourself to change your thoughts, your external world will change.
Mensah Oteh|There’s no secret to success, but if there were one, it would be that your decisions create your success or lack of it and the quality of your decisions will determine the quality of your life.
Mensah Oteh|If you had all the time in the world but your knowledge, wisdom and understanding remained unchanged, your life would remain the same.
Mensah Oteh|There are no victims in life, we are all volunteers. Our decisions create our experiences.
Mensah Oteh|Give yourself permission to dream, to choose, to decide.
Mensah Oteh|Avoid making important or long-term decisions when you are fatigued mentally, emotionally or physically.
Mensah Oteh|Time does not create changes, wisdom does. Your wisdom decides the quality of your decisions.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Your decisions are influenced by your beliefs, philosophy, wisdom, environment, relationships, goals or dreams and state of mind.
Mensah Oteh|Decisions create success, and the quality of your decisions will determine the quality of your life.
Mensah Oteh|Your life is a picture of the decisions and choices you have made in the past, and your future depends on the quality of the decisions you make today and tomorrow.
Mensah Oteh|One thing guaranteed in life is that you’ll experience twists and turns, obstacles, roadblocks, and battles.
Mensah Oteh|You have to master the art of selectivity in everything you do. Otherwise, you could be side-tracked by secondary events and opportunities.
Mensah Oteh|All battles are not created equal; a few offer good rewards and are worthy of your attention but most are a waste of your time, energy and focus.
Mensah Oteh|If you can manage your thoughts and mind, and choose your battles wisely, you can manage your life.
Mensah Oteh|Some things are not worth fighting for and some are worth dying for, Wisdom helps you understand which are which.
Mensah Oteh|Never go into battle for your ego, Learn to battle for something much greater.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Planning your day before it begins, and adjusting your plan through the day, is one of the most important daily habits.
Mensah Oteh|Rather than wait to see what the day or future holds, why not design and plan the future you want to experience?
Mensah Oteh|By bringing the future into the present, you can do something about it usually before it gets too late.
Mensah Oteh|Never start a day or activity without a plan. Learn to plan your work, and then work your plan.
Mensah Oteh|Questions control how you think, and thinking is the root contributor to the results and outcomes of your life
Mensah Oteh|Asking questions is an essential daily habit, because your experiences are often in proportion to the questions you ask.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Like the rudder or anchor on a ship, your habits can guide you in the direction of your dreams or hold you back and keep you from achieving them.
Mensah Oteh|Decide on the future you want to experience, then find out the habits that will produce it and practice them daily.
Mensah Oteh|Routines and daily habits aren’t restrictive. They provide structure, direction, and opportunities for spontaneity.
Mensah Oteh|Habits decide who you become permanently, what you do daily and what you have always.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You must commit to a lifestyle of constant and continuous never ending improvement of your daily habits, because it’s one of the most important predictors of your success and the quality of your life.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Sometimes it’s best to stop searching for your passion. Instead, follow your curiosity and see where it leads.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|To truly live a passionate life, develop habits and routines that engage you and enable you to express your passion each day.
Mensah Oteh|Be passionate about creating a life that is exciting and fun, one that will help you reach your ultimate potential.
Mensah Oteh|You can do anything if you can combine your passion with focus, effort and persistence.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Passion is simply energy, and we all have energy within us which implies you already have all the passion you need within you.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You don’t need to go searching for your passion outside; you simply need to look within, rekindle it and let your light shine.
Mensah Oteh|Success is a product of inspiration, and if you can keep yourself inspired you can achieve any dream or goal
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|The most important thing you can do for yourself each day is to create (in and around you) an environment that keeps you constantly inspired because when you’re inspired, there is absolutely nothing you cannot do.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|When you are inspired, there is little you won’t attempt. Find what inspires you, and keep it around and with you always.
Mensah Oteh|Your dreams are the golden gate to a life of inspiration. The more you allow yourself to dream of your ideal future, the stronger your inspiration.
Mensah Oteh|Study yourself and develop your personal inspiration routine, applying it to your life every day to help you create the extraordinary life you deserve.
Mensah Oteh|Search constantly for people, places, things, pictures, sounds, or scents that inspire you. Your most important responsibility is to keep yourself inspired always.
Mensah Oteh|Rather than wait to see what the day or future holds, why not design and create it?
Mensah Oteh|Success starts with a good plan. To have it, you have to plan it.
Mensah Oteh|Planning your life creates within you a feeling of control which produces self-confidence, self-responsibility and self-assurance.
Mensah Oteh|Without a good plan, you might fall short of reaching your dreams and goals.
Mensah Oteh|Never start the day until you already have it designed, finished and documented.
Mensah Oteh|You already have great gifts, talents and abilities, but you must find the environment where your potential can be developed and maximised
Mensah Oteh|In the wrong environment your weakness is evident, but in the right environment, you function from a place of strength.
Mensah Oteh|Purpose is the reason something is designed, made, created, or exists.
Mensah Oteh|You were born for a purpose and a special reason.Your purpose identifies your passion, your potential, the source of your fulfilment in life, and ultimately your success
Mensah Oteh|The discovery of your life’s purpose is your ultimate pathway to an extraordinary life. You were born an original, so quit conforming to the expectations of others.
Mensah Oteh|Your purpose distinguishes you from others; not your talent, IQ, race, job, hobbies, or gender, as these are held in common with many others.
Mensah Oteh|Your purpose is the gateway to your success; it identifies your gift and reveals your passion, potential, ability and ultimately what you will excel in.
Mensah Oteh|You were born for a reason and with a specific purpose in mind. You don’t choose it, you discover it.
Mensah Oteh|Your purpose lies where your passion, wisdom and gifts meet and complement each other.
Mensah Oteh|You don’t choose your purpose, you simply discover it.
Mensah Oteh|Your life is defined by how you spend your time and what you choose to do daily, so a life of passion is not an act but a habit.
Mensah Oteh|Passion is the feeling of excitement, energy and enthusiasm you feel towards something or someone you care about.
Mensah Oteh|Passion ignites your innate desire to create, produce, give and grow.
Mensah Oteh|Money, fame and personal possessions should never be your metric for measuring your passion.
Avijeet Das|I don't miss the Moon, because I have you.
Mensah Oteh|Until you can see it in your mind, you will not see it with your eyes. Vision precedes sight.
Mensah Oteh|Through dreams, your ideas and ideals are brought to reality, so learn to dream of the future you wish to experience.
Mensah Oteh|Whatever happens in your life, make a promise to yourself that you will never give up your ability to dream.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Without dreams, the future will remain mediocre. Stay inspired though your dreams.
Mensah Oteh|If your dream is accepted by all, you don’t have a big enough dream. Big dreams challenge the status quo.
Mensah Oteh|Stay inspired by feeding your mind with positive, healthy, mental food through reading or listening to good inspirational, motivational, and educational material.
Mensah Oteh|To live a successful life and make a difference in the world, you must continue to dream.
Sachin sawariya|Give something and Take take something "Love Is Love It Is Not any Selfless service
Mensah Oteh|Whatever success you have had, whatever victories you have experienced, whatever you have done so far in your life is only a fraction of the potential within you
Mensah Oteh|Your true potential is unlimited, and you can certainly achieve much more than human intelligence can comprehend.
Mensah Oteh|Your potential is hidden in what you are yet to do, not what you have already done.
Shayne Silvers, Obsidian Son|Love is precious, and shouldn’t be wasted on every passing whim, or it will mean nothing by the time you truly wish to share it with someone who matters.” I said softly.Silvers, Shayne (2012-10-08). Obsidian Son: A Novel In The Nate Temple Supernatural Thriller Series (The Temple Chronicles Book 1) (p. 194). Argento Publishing. Kindle Edition.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn, because life is ahead of you. Live, because death is before you. Listen, because wisdom is all around you. Love, because God is inside of you.
Mensah Oteh|See yourself through your mind’s eye being who you want to be, having what you want to have, and doing what you want to do.
Karen A. Baquiran|I've never had to ask a thing from you, as everything you've ever fed my soul was love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love gives you knees to crawl, feet to run, legs to sprint, and wings to soar.
Karen A. Baquiran|I am awake and yet I dream. You can be the realist and I can be the dreamer. When our worlds collide one day, I will show you another dimension of life that most dare not to believe in. This world exists just as much as the tangible one. This is where I will always love you.
Karen A. Baquiran|I love you...", I said to myself and believed it. Finally.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The blind can see love, the deaf can hear love, the mute can express love, and the disabled can carry love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to be happy now, love now; if you want to be happy later, love later; but if you want to be happy always, love always.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, not the mirror.
P.J. Roscoe, Diary of Margery Blake|Love truly is the strongest emotion. Find it, hold it and use it
Sachin sawariya|The secret to lifelong friendship is to treat is not just as a gift, but also as a responsibility. Thanks for playing your part to perfection....
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Dreams create hope, energy and passion and together reveal your hidden abilities and untapped potential
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Love doesn't have to be perfect, but it needs to be true.
M.  Robinson, Ends Here|When I saw him at the cemetry. I didn't even realize I was walking toward him until I was standing in front of him. It was like beging pulled by a string he was controlling. Luring me right to him. Then when we spoke, I could see it in his eyes, hear it in his voice... he loves me. And not in the 'I love you, I love you,too' kind of way. It's in the 'You're are my person, my lobster, my everything,' and that alone tells me that what we had was true.
Mensah Oteh|Every day you leave a legacy behind, so make it a good one by doing something of significance.
Mensah Oteh|Words are life. They can tear down or build up, so use them wisely.
Mensah Oteh|You are the actor, director, producer, and scriptwriter of the play called ‘Your Life’ and you can change the play anytime.
Mensah Oteh|Your past success and victories, small or large, can renew your resolve to persevere if you are willing to lean on them.
Mensah Oteh|To live each day like it is your best, give your best, laugh your best, love your best and be the best you can be.
Mensah Oteh|When you find a way to serve, the angel in you awakens.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|That girl who doesn’t even understand my language properly, understands my heart, but the one who should, doesn’t even try
Mensah Oteh|There is a science to living well and art to experiencing the good life, and it begins with wisdom.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|God created you to be love, not abused.
Mensah Oteh|Celebration is capturing and acknowledging the important moments in life through your words, actions and reactions.
Mensah Oteh|Don’t celebrate your day because you get everything you want. Celebrate your day because you love and appreciate what you already have – the little things, the big things, the things that have come and gone, but most importantly those things yet to come.
Mensah Oteh|The success equation is complete only when achievement, fulfilment and lifestyle are present.
Mensah Oteh|If you want to succeed, make it a study first then practice it and finally live it daily.
Mensah Oteh|Success is subjective, so define it for yourself. Don’t allow your life efforts to be dictated and judged according to other people’s standards.
Mensah Oteh|To take the island, cut all sources of retreat. Burn your boats and go all in.
Mensah Oteh|Plan your work, then work your plan.
Mensah Oteh|Like any formula, success has parts and therefore it is expressed in three ways – achievement (a science), fulfilment (an art) and lifestyle (an act). All three have to be present for the formula to be complete.
Mensah Oteh|Life is beautiful, so celebrate it like the gift that it is.
Mensah Oteh|Find something during the day to celebrate – something you someone did, something you observed or something you heard.
Mensah Oteh|Don’t wait for others to celebrate you, learn to do it yourself.
Mensah Oteh|Life is supposed to be exciting, so journey through each day collecting moments and celebrating the right ones.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All love is bittersweet. Love is inexplicable; it is part poetry and part masochism. Part of love is the loss of self-control because one must openly surrender their sense of an exclusive self to the manic powers of love. The personal act of surrender to a lover leaves one vulnerable to entanglement in a maze of emotions. When we fall in love, our lover’s happiness and well-being assumes the primary role in our mind, they become copilots of our souls. When we are in love for the first time, we feel what it means to become a complete person; we identify who we are by seeing our reflection in our lover’s eye; and we sense what we might become when infused with love. When our lover leaves us, we feel vexed and vacant because we recognize that they took up such a large part of what made us feel intoxicated with life. When our lover abandons us, we lose our sense of self; we temporarily cease to exist as a whole person, and we must reconstruct the shattered remnants of oneself in the wake of a love lost.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|No one can claim they are mature until they experience the hallucinogenic ramifications of being in love, and undertaken an urgent personal assessment and soul-searching discernment that is mandated after experiencing the bitterness of losing in the love game.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude is an act that has to be expressed, not an attitude.
Mensah Oteh|If you learn to be grateful and celebrate each day, you have mastered the secret to living.
Mensah Oteh|We all have to be taught how to be thankful and once learned, it has to be improved and practised daily.
Mensah Oteh|If you got on your knees to give thanks for the undeserved kindness and mercy in your life, you would be shocked by how rich you truly are.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude must come from a place of true sincerity to be effective. Without sincerity, the experience is incomplete.
Mensah Oteh|Without emotion, all thoughts or words are powerless.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude is arriving at the point where your expectations, accumulation and anticipations make way for appreciation, reflection and celebration.
Mensah Oteh|By focusing your thoughts on the things you are thankful for, you attract more things to be grateful for into your life.
Mensah Oteh|It’s no mystery, it isn’t luck. Success is a result of your obedience to specific principles, rules and laws
Mensah Oteh|your responsibility is simply to find how things work and those who are already successful then model their beliefs, behaviour, attitude, philosophies and actions and you’ll get similar results
Mensah Oteh|Appreciation generates energy, like thankfulness creates increase.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our compassion, spirituality, and appreciation of beauty provide us with the capacity to love.
Mensah Oteh|If you got on your knees and counted all of the blessings, goodness, grace, favour and kindness in your life, you would find that you would exhaust the whole day and will still have more to share.
Mensah Oteh|Hard work is the foundation of the abundant life, and sacrifice is needed to make it reality.
Mensah Oteh|To be happy, you simply need to choose happiness and it comes from within not without.
Mensah Oteh|There isn’t a single definition of happiness to suit everyone’s requirements, but you know it when you feel it.
Mensah Oteh|Your life is lived in a day, so focus on living one good day by successfully designing, creating and living that good day and duplicating it.
Mensah Oteh|If you want to live in abundance, work towards it one day at a time.
Mensah Oteh|Ask questions. The secrets of life are hidden in questions, so ask wisely.
Mensah Oteh|Life never gives you what you want or need just because you have a burning desire for it. Life gives you what you seek, knock, and ask for.
Mensah Oteh|Life is like soil – it will always return a harvest. If you plant good seeds, you’ll reap a bountiful harvest.
Mensah Oteh|The abundant life doesn’t happen by accident. It is the result of doing specific things purposefully every day and it requires an investment of time, energy and effort.
Mensah Oteh|Life is not just the passing of time; it’s also a collection of experiences from your past, present and future.
Mensah Oteh|The roots of the abundant life may seem bitter, but its fruits are sweet.
Mensah Oteh|To succeed in life you need five things – a burning desire, a willingness to do whatever it takes, wisdom, incredible effort, and a commitment to never-ending improvement.
Mensah Oteh|To put in the effort needed to create the life of your dreams, you first need to develop a burning desire.
Mensah Oteh|Creating the good life is like following a recipe; specific ingredients are required to guarantee the promised results and each has to be carefully selected and added in the right quantity and sequence. If you get it right, the outcome is guaranteed. If you change or alter the ingredients, the outcome changes.
Mensah Oteh|Appreciation and gratitude show your true wealth emotionally, spiritually and psychologically.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude is the key to wealth and abundance, so learn to be grateful in all things.
Mensah Oteh|You are perfect, not tomorrow, not in the future, but today.
Mensah Oteh|Anyone who constantly makes you unhappy belongs in someone else’s world, not yours.
Mensah Oteh|Happiness resides in your mind, brain, heart and tongue. Connect all four and you’ll live in bliss.
Mensah Oteh|Humour, like any life skill, is learnable. If others can learn it, so can you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When two souls are one, they hear each other, even in silence.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Everyone should have a place in your heart, but only a special few should have a place in your life.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Empty Spaces I wanted to feel less.To not be burdened by emotion,To not feel sadness,To not know loss.I envied the inanimate,The trees that stand proudly in winter,Not missing their leaves.I wanted to be weightless,To not experience limitation.I didn’t want time to pass,The blur of days, months, years.It moved too quickly,I wanted to grasp on,Hold it.It eluded me,Intangible,Like light.I wanted to preserve life before you were gone.I didn’t want to know grief.But the pain kept me connected.It meant that I loved you,It meant that I would always be a little broken,It meant that our love filled all of the empty spaces.It meant that you would be with me... forever.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|You have been the summary of my entire existence; my biggest weakness, my greatest strength. The weathers of my life start and end with you. You complete me.
litymunshi|my dearshow me i am with you . other way show me you are with me . not seeing any place at your life , feels i am like a cold wind ,invisible can't see anyway . this ishard to feelconversation with my life-----------------------------litymunshi
Matshona Dhliwayo|Marry your friend, and you will be reasonably happy. Marry your lover, and you will be abundantly happy. Marry your soulmate, and you will be infinitely happy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is your greatest asset, fear is your greatest liability, and joy is your greatest reward.
Tracie Sage, The Missing Manual to Love, Marriage and Intimacy: A Proactive Path to Happily Ever After|What if children grew up with parents who modeled a loving relationship, who openly showed each other affection and respect, expressing feelings authentically, and who lovingly, even playfully, turned conflicts toward solutions? What if we grew up feeling embraced, loved, seen and valued for the whole of who we are? Would it all turn out differently? You bet it would!
Tracie Sage, The Missing Manual to Love, Marriage and Intimacy: A Proactive Path to Happily Ever After|Our spirit wants to experience connection by being seen, felt and heard. When you ask and listen deeply with curiosity to whatever wants to be expressed, you are giving one of the most precious gifts you can give to one you love.
Tracie Sage, The Missing Manual to Love, Marriage and Intimacy: A Proactive Path to Happily Ever After|When your thoughts, choices and actions are in alignment with love as a priority in your life, the streams of love flow naturally in ways that continue to replenish you.
Tracie Sage, The Missing Manual to Love, Marriage and Intimacy: A Proactive Path to Happily Ever After|Love is a practice. It’s up to you to choose it, prioritize it and commit to it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you hear love calling you, don’t pretend to be deaf.
Christy  Johnson, Breathless: Edition Two|Maybe love doesn't come from the heart. Maybe it's a psychic jolt that wakes you when you touch them, leaving you breathless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world’s most lethal venom is not found on the tongues of serpents, but on the tongues of a disgruntled wife.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Grief gives you a hundred reasons to cry; hope gives you a thousand reasons to smile, joy gives you a million reasons to laugh, and love gives you billion reasons to rejoice.
K.R. Royal|Some men and women move mountains, even if it's one shovel full at a time.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|And then I realized that love is like a helium balloon. You know the one which flies away into the sky if you don’t hold it by its strings? No matter how much I tried to break my string, the balloon always remained there. Know why? Because maybe unknown to yourself, you were holding a couple of strings as well
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have no one, you are poor; if you have an acquaintance, you are fortunate; if you have a friend, you are privileged; if you have a lover, you are rich; if you have a soulmate, you are wealthy.
Kamand Kojouri|If I can’t be your love, then let me be a simple brooch so I may rest a while against your chest. If I can’t be your love, then let me be a forgotten coin so I may rest a while against your thigh. If I can’t be your love, then let me be an unlit cigarette so I may rest a while in between your lips. If I can’t be your love, then let me at least remain in these words so I may rest a while in your thoughts.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to be strong, exercise; if you want to be wise, study; if you want to be happy, smile; and if you want to be invincible, love.
Micheline Jean Louis|I don't defend pain, But I do respect its ability to make us stronger and wiser after it stings.
Nigel Jay Cooper|Maybe that’s the way of love. It doesn’t wait to be invited in, and it won’t be coerced. It gently creeps under your skin, a mild itch at first, not giving itself away in case you scratch it and cause an infection. But then it sinks in deeper, getting into your bloodstream. It travels. By the time it reaches your brain and you’re aware of the infection, it’s already taken over your heart. In Natalie’s experience, love is anything but innocent. It’s a captor, a guard, imprisoning you in the clutches of another, knitting the fabric of your own life to somebody else’s, whether you like it or not.
Izey Victoria Odiase|If they don't like you for who you are, it means they're not meant to be in your life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a woman stands behind you, respect her; if she stands beside you, cherish her; if she stands with you, adore her.
Abigail Thomas, What Comes Next and How to Like It|It ended sadly. The kind of ending where you wait together, holding hands and weeping, while off in another room, love slowly dies.
Rajesh Walecha|Live with radiance, dignity and strength of love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the world stands in between a man and the woman he loves, he will set out to conquer it.
Avijeet Das|And the golden rays of your love made me warm on cold, wintry nights.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The cheapest thing in your life is money; the most expensive, love.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently:Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America|FOCUS ON YOURSELF AT ALL LEVELS: BODY, MIND & SOUL. THUS, WHEN THE RIGHT MAN COMES TO YOUR SIDE, YOU WILL BE READY TO WIN HIS HEART.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Love: always inclusive, never divisive
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want the world to know how truly beautiful you are, love everyone.
Altaf ul qadri|Love is cure, love is power,love is magicof changes,love is the mirror of divine beauty
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your knowledge can stir the world, your intellect can move it, your wisdom can shake it, but only your love can truly change it.
Micheline Jean Louis|It takes courage to forgive love and allow yourself to embrace it again, its like discovering wings you thought you've lost
Ehsan Sehgal|Love is the natural constitution of life. Its main clause; the sex and others such as respect, equality and tolerance are the essential terms to succeed the pleasure of life.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. Wisdom, compassion, and courage are essential ingredients for love. To love other people we must begin by forgiving them. If we do not bring forth the part of us that is capable of love and compassion, it will destroy us.
-Lekshmi SP|Love is just a word for him,where she means a world to him!
Matshona Dhliwayo|A sword can only pierce the body, but love can pierce the soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A smile is worth dozens of words, but a kiss is worth a thousand.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love has two rules: the first one is love, and the second one is love some more.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love intoxicates your heart, it is difficult for your soul to remain sober.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a woman laughs when you hurt her, you ought to cry, for you have lost her; if she cries, you may laugh, for you have a worthy soulmate.
Nigel Jay Cooper|Emotions don’t arrive intact. Shards injure you incrementally, so small at first you don’t notice them. Over time, the damage builds and one day you realise the nicks and cuts have become gaping wounds. Worse still, they’ve become the very thing that defines you.
Ira Barin|You're screwed when you start to notice the details,It's when you begin to notice the curve of his lips when he smiles.It's when you can't help but stare at him and the way he talks.It's when you get to admire the shape of his eyes and even the length of his brow.And even crazier, when you get to see the flash of his face in your mind on a random day or it's when you have his favorite facial expression stuck in your memory. . . And worse when you start to have it all in your mind, then you start to miss him.
Adhish Mazumder|If you were to love, love not for the lust that you yearn but the rather the pain that you earn with it.
Siobhan Davis, Losing Kyler|When everything else is shattering, you feel like the one true constant.
Siobhan Davis, Losing Kyler|I lie awake in bed until way past midnight, fervently hoping Ky is going make an appearance at any moment to explain his behavior. But as the clock chimes two, I have no choice but to face facts.He isn’t coming.And it feels ominous.Like the winds are changing, and destiny is altering.His absence is more than telling.It has a finality to it that scares me half to death.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you harden the soil, the seed cannot grow; if you harden your heart, the love cannot grow!
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently:Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America|It is more likely that a man and a woman develop romantic feelings for each other when they start dating after they have been friends for some time and feel already attracted to each other, than when they are total strangers trying to make it happen.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently:Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America|Contrary to what most women think, men want a lot more than just sex. A man wants to make a difference in a woman’s life and make her happy.
MaryLu Tyndall, Tears of the Sea|She smiled. "Of course. You are right. How can I enjoy my happiness when so many suffer?" He kissed her forehead. "Soon all suffering will end." She gazed up at him. "And I will be by your side forever." "Forever and ever and ever." He leaned over and kissed her. And so the adventure begins...
Unknown|It's bad manners to say " i love you"With a mouth full of lies.
R.J. Larson, King|Kien, talking with Akabe, caught Ela's glance and grinned, luring her thoughts toward him. Gorgeous man! How dare he distract her?*****************************************Akabe turned and saw what-or rather who-had distracted Kien mid-sentence. He should have known. And he understood. If Caitria had cast him such a loving smile, Akabe would have abandoned this impromptu conference altogether. But Caitria petted Issa, ignoring everyone else. Therefore... Akabe backhanded Kien's shoulder. "Stop flirting with your wife and pay attention!" Kien shot him a mock-threatening look. "I am your servant, sir." A headstrong and unexpected servant, Akabe agreed silently. But most welcome.
R.J. Larson, King|I give you my word, Prophet, I'll heed the warning. Don't worry-it's only one day." "Yes, but this will be the longest separation we've faced since our wedding." Kien chuckled. "Poor love. Again, don't worry. I'll think of you every other instant." He sealed his pledge with kisses, coaxing Ela to set aside her fears and lose herself in his embrace.
R.J. Larson, Judge|Aching, she gazed down at Kien, then blew him a kiss, love mingling with longing and regret. He answered, sending her a kiss in turn. And another smile, radiant with delight. How could one man be so captivating?
Anne Elisabeth Stengl, A Branch of Silver, a Branch of Gold|Before she'd gone five paces, she heard Benedict speak softly behind her. "You matter, Heloise," he said.  She didn't stop. She didn't turn. "Whether or not you believe it. Whether or not you rescue your sister tonight," he said, his voice reaching out to her as the distance grew between them. "You matter. You matter...to me." Another step. Then another. The Great Hall was so terribly long! But she kept walking, and she would climb those dais steps. "You reminded me what it means to live. I thought I was dead and done, but you taught me otherwise. " I... I'll never..."She could hear what he was going to say. I'll never forget you. It caught in his throat, but she heard it as clearly as though he'd spoken the words.
Jackie Castle, Emanate|Ah, young love. I will miss seeing how this unfolds." -DezPierre
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person whom writes begins by putting down what they know about loneliness, shame, love, and heartache. In writing fully, they discover many other aspects of themselves that they never suspected including doubts, beliefs, ironies, and farcicalities.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|I am such a classic fool, aren’t I?” “No, not a fool. Just in love,” “It’s all the same.”“No, it’s not.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Lust promises you the world, and disappoints. Love promises you the universe, and delivers.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Jealousy says, “Compete with each other.” Envy says, “Destroy each other.” Empathy says, “Help each other.” Love says, “Empower each other.
John M Sheehan|Yes, the depth of truth unfolding like a rose bud in the morning hours to show its beauty when the sun does warm the pedals releasing the scent of love is something to be noticed from one heart made new again from darkness to light
John M Sheehan|From a heart of stone, to a heart of flesh, love makes new what sin makes old
Ramana Pemmaraju|Earlier men craved for love from women, nowadays they ask everything except love!
M.K. South|What is wrong about me loving you, anyway? You make me better. You make me feel special. You make me feel like I can do anything.
Kamand Kojouri|Usually, when I dream of flying I am simply flapping my arms and somehow I lift off and glide through the sky. Last night was different. I missed you so much and my yearning was so powerful that I sprouted wings like a phoenix and soared to reach you. And now I finally understand: if you see lovers on a roof, do not worry. Surely, love has metamorphosed them.
Kamand Kojouri|Is it odd, my love, that I envy others who have not met you for the intoxication they have yet to experience? Is it odd that I wish to witness you with new eyes so I may have the pleasure of falling for you all over again? I am grateful, so grateful, for knowing the meaning of your various sighs. For being the cause of your ecstatic cries. But, if only for a moment, I wish to let you fall out of my hands so that I may catch you again. You, my love, are the oddity. You are my exception.
Cristen Rodgers|I promise from now on to always make time for at least one more. One more chapter before I turn out the light and float off to sleep. One more kiss before I sink into this sea of words and search for meaning to bring back up with me. One more stretch and one more wiggle of my toes before I jump out of bed; and one more moment in meditation before I re-emerge. One more full, deep breath and one more look at the sunset. One more touch, one more smile, one more moment of stillness, of gratitude, of simplicity, of love. From now on, I’ll always make room for one more because you never know when one more is all you’ll ever have.
Kamand Kojouri|They can award me with the greatest accolades and reward me with the finest diamonds. They can name days and streets after me, canonise and celebrate me. They can make me the queen of their kingdom, the president of their nation. They can carry my picture in their wallets and whisper my name in their prayers but, tell me, what is all this worth if your voice isn’t the one calling me home?
Giselle Fox, Slow Burn in Tuscany|You're my sweet, sexy, goddess of love and I want you and every beautiful little thing that you make.
Joey W. Hill, Worth the Wait|She traced the dragon’s body on his biceps where it transitioned into rope. “I just thought it would be more difficult. After all this time, the heartache, the waiting, the despairing and giving up, the pure pissed-offness of dealing with near misses…" She blew out a breath. “And there it is. With you, easy as breathing. ‘I’m in love with you.’ You said it and meant it. It changes the universe, but the way throwing a stone in a pond does. All those ripples. It's…amazing.”She frowned and cocked her head. “There should at least be dramatic music.” "I can retract it if you want. Brood for a while, play commitment paranoia games, alienate you so we break up, sort of, and then I chase you down before you make some monumental decision, like moving back to New York, or signing up for a three year stint in the merchant marines. Then we can have a big makeup scene.“ She pursed her lips. "Complete with dramatic music.” "Absolutely. If I could afford it, I’d hire John Williams to come up with the score.“ "You’d do all that for me?” "Hell, no.” He snorted, puffing a short, playful breath against her. “I’d tie you up and keep you in my basement until you contracted Stockholm syndrome and couldn’t breathe without me.“She tipped her head back, sobering. "Sometimes, it feels like I can’t. Crazy, right?” He put his mouth on hers and took her air in the best kind of way, all while giving it back to her. at her, boyishly appealing, but then sobered. "We’re normal, extraordinary people,” he said. “It took us a while, but we always knew what it would look like when it happened. The simplicity of it is what makes it extraordinary. A tadpole gets legs and walks on land, and evolution begins. All in a simple blink, the whole world changes.
Joey W. Hill, Worth the Wait|God, he was going to destroy her. But maybe for the first time in her life, she’d found a man worth shattering for.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|He suffered greatly from being shut up among all these people whose stupidity and absurdities wounded him all the more cruelly since, being ignorant of his love, incapable, had they known of it, of taking any interest, or of doing more than smile at it as at some childish joke, or deplore it as an act of insanity, they made it appear to him in the aspect of a subjective state which existed for himself alone, whose reality there was nothing external to confirm; he suffered overwhelmingly, to the point at which even the sound of the instruments made him want to cry, from having to prolong his exile in this place to which Odette would never come, in which no one, nothing was aware of her existence, from which she was entirely absent.
Sahara Sanders, Win the Heart of A Woman of Your Dreams|It’s not a big deal to fall madly in love with someone bright, extraordinary and charismatic; a big deal is to become the matching person, who is worthy to be loved back.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|May love always be with you, and you always surrounded by love
Matshona Dhliwayo|Outer beauty you see with your eyes, but inner beauty you only see with your heart.
Kamand Kojouri|Nothing belongs to itself anymore. These trees are yours because you once looked at them. These streets are yours because you once traversed them. These coffee shops and bookshops, these cafés and bars, their sole owner is you. They gave themselves so willingly, surrendering to your perfume. You sang with the birds and they stopped to listen to you. You smiled at the sheepish stars and they fell into your hair. The sun and moon, the sea and mountain, they have all left from heartbreak. Nothing belongs to itself anymore. You once spoke to Him, and then God became yours. He sits with us in darkness now to plot how to make you ours.” K.K.
Kamand Kojouri|I am certain, my love, that poetry was born only after your birth.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|You need a companion for your thought process, than a physical relationship.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Love is just like God. Some believe in it, some don’t. You can only feel love and that too if you are open to its existence. Likewise, an atheist cannot feel the presence of the divine because his mind is shut to the possibility of there being one.
Kamand Kojouri|Put down your glass, it is time to dance. If you want to get drunk all you need is to drink love. Put down your pipe and do away with these childish toys. If you want to get high all you need is to breathe love. Now, can I have this dance?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are too busy to love, you are too busy to live; if you are too busy to live, you are too busy to love.
Ayushee Ghoshal|What no one ever told me was that sometimes ‘time’ only adds layers to the wounds and if you scratch off the dust years later, you will still find him in your blood and flesh, residing in a vacant house that you thought had no tenants. Time. They never said that time only teaches us regrets.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|Not only in personal relationships, but also in professional life, if like minded people work together, it is a beauty to witness
Matshona Dhliwayo|Dear fear, I’m divorcing you. Dear courage, I’m courting you. Dear hope, I’m pursuing you. Dear love, I’m marrying you.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|It becomes an energy, when two similar souls, combine together
Matshona Dhliwayo|To achieve peace let go of: guilt, anger, and bitterness. To achieve happiness embrace: virtue, faith, and love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you love, you forgive; when you forgive, you love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom paints a rainbow in your mind, joy paints a rainbow in your heart, and love paints a rainbow in your soul.
Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County|We have both lost ourselves and created something else, something that exists only as an interlacing of the two of us. Christ, we're in love. As deeply, as profoundly, as it's possible to be in love.
Rajasaraswathii, Success-Talks : For Evolution of Your Success|A person might be living with numerous people; but, if he doesn’t find a companion who thinks similarly as he thinks, he is still alone
Kamand Kojouri|We call a story about love a love story. We call a poem about love a love poem. Well then, my dear, aren’t our lives love lives?
Christina Strigas, Love & Vodka: A Book of Poetry for Glass Hearts|I see the beauty in you, and the darkness. Both are brilliant.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The clearest mirror in the universe is not made of glass, but of a loving soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Pleasure awakens the body, wisdom awakens the mind, joy awakens the heart, and love awakens the soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love has never been conquered, not even by the greatest army.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a man found his dream wife, it was because he was wide awake.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Get high on love, not drugs.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your heart has been broken nine times, muster the courage to love again for the tenth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Passion will warm you for days, infatuation will warm you for months, but love will set you on fire for a lifetime.
Susan Samaroo|Time stops for no one, and if we allow ourselves to focus on the negative we might miss out on some really amazing things that life has to offer. We can't go back to the past, we can only take the lessons that we have learned and the experiences that we have gained from it and move on. It is because of the heartaches, as well as the hardships, that in the end help to make us a stronger person.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you are sad, love will make you happy; afraid, love will make you brave; weak, love will make you strong; and broken, love will make you whole.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love affords you these three things: smiles, hugs, and kisses. Joy affords you these three things: pleasure, laughter, and good memories.
Val Uchendu|Cherish simple things such as family, friends and love, because great things appear simple from far away. Place your simple things in the best light; there's enough sunshine for all of them
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|You are a drop of perfect in an imperfect world. and all I need, is a taste
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|He isn't the best, neither am I. But we are the best version of ourselves with each other. And that's pretty close to Perfection.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The loudest preacher in the world is your conscience, the cleverest is wisdom, the rowdiest is passion, the surest is truth, the purest is love, and the highest is God.
Nikki Rowe|A man with integrity, with vision, with a sense of purpose and place in the world as exactly himself. That's the kind of man I'll settle for.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest love stories are not written by the ink of the pen, but by the ink of the heart.
E.M. Denning, Measure For Measure|Not only were my nerves shot, but my body was a traitor. I didn’t want to melt against him. I didn’t want to enjoy the feeling of his lips sliding across my skin. I didn’t want to like the possessive way his fingers dug into my waist or the way his erection pressed against me.
E.M. Denning, Measure For Measure|Ryker smiled at me. “You learn quick—”I cut him off. “If you call me grasshopper, I’m going to slug you.” “Padawan.” I shoved him. It was more like shoving a tree. He didn’t even flinch. “You’re such a nerd.”“Geek, Millie. I’m a geek.” His lips twitched and it made me want to raise myself up on my tiptoes and kiss him. I shot him a grin instead. “Only a nerd would know the difference.
E.M. Denning, Measure For Measure|Stick with me, kid. I’ve got this.” His words were an echo of a promise he made long ago, not long after we first met. He always knew exactly what to say, to do, and that’s the reason I didn’t move away when he brought his lips down to mine. It’s the reason I let my hands slide over his bare chest. They mimicked the way his tongue slid along my lower lip when I sighed and melted into him.
Jem Okan, I Am Heaven: A Story of Self-Discovery, Acceptance, and Faith.|Love is a funny business. It cannot be commanded but it commands us; it commands respect and unselfishness. Love cannot be sucked out of another in the hopes that it fills us up, because love is not a selfish quest.
Darren L Jackson|You cant Realize Someone Good Is Coming Your Way, if still Remain Sleep on the Fact that they Actually Exist! Wake and smell the Coffee or Excuse yourself if your Nose is a bit Stuffy.
Rita Stradling, Ensnared|Love didn't seem like something that could be organized or contained; it should be messy and emotional, like exploding and imploding with someone at the exact same time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love does not wear out the heart, even if it weighs a thousand tons.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, Will You Walk A Mile?|Whenever you feel hatred to your loved ones, start thinking about the love you felt once for your beloved.
Nikki Rowe|I felt you before I knew of your existence, maybe it was a hint from the universe to continue on the yellow brick road, so when I would find you along my travels I would simply just know.
Jenna Evans Welch, Love & Gelato|Anyway, what I'm trying to say is, I really like you. A lot. But if you don't feel the same way about me, it's okay. Because you're really important to me, and I hope we can still be friends.
Swapna Rajput|You know all my needs and wants, you know hundreds of small things about me! You also know I am madly falling in love with you, You even know when I am staring at you! You know how much I desire you!
Jagdish Joghee, In Love and Free: The tale of a woman caught between two men...|Our eyes met and a never-before feeling entered our hearts. We gazed at each other longingly. We were indeed smitten by each other. Even before we realised, our lips locked. Ah, my first kiss. I had heard stories of how the first kiss is etched in one’s memory forever. This was absolute bliss. I felt a sense of belonging, a sense of togetherness. He took me by surprise with his proposal of love for me. Those magical words still linger in my heart. My dream of finding the right man had become a reality.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind is effort, while heart is effortless! What are YOU?
Swapna Rajput|No matter how long it takes, true love is always worth a wait, because waiting is the sign of true love....
Matshona Dhliwayo|Desire speaks, passion shouts, lust screams, and love whispers.
Val Uchendu|Only the ones whose hearts have been conquered by LOVE know the secret language of the eyes. Leave trails of love today, perhaps others might be brave enough to follow
D.N. Joshi|One moment before, I knew nothing of it. And then, all of a sudden, I knew this was it. The most amazing thing. I could feel the whispers, I could feel all the dimensions possible. I could define it. I could call it Love
Liz Moore, The Unseen World|As a parting gift, he gave Harold the key chain from his house keys, the ones that opened the gate to Hamilton Arms: it was a clover, a charm for luck. Its stem was a little drawer, into which, Harold later found, George had put a love note. Harold kept the clover for the rest of his life.
DaShanne Stokes|People think that LGBTs adopting children will hurt them, but it's not being in loving homes that hurts children most.
-Ayushee Ghoshal, 4 AM Conversations with the Ghosts of Old Lovers|What I cannot tough, remains a memory, I am blinded by an imagined light. A remembrance of what can never be
Ayushee Ghoshal|What I cannot touch, remains a memory. I am blinded by an imagined light. A remembrance of what can never be.
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|Life is not made up of minutes, hours, days or years, but of moments. Nothing is permanently perfect. But there are perfect moments.
Charlotte Eriksson|Sweet girl, maybe close the world off and look at him for an houror two.This is your fairy. It ain’t perfect and it ain’t honey sweet with roses on the bed.It’s real and raw and ugly at times. But this is your love. Don’t throw it away searching for someone else’s love. Don’t be greedy. Instead, shelter it. Protect it. Capture every second of easy, pull through every storm of hardship. And when you can, look at him, lying next to you, trusting you not to harm him. Trusting you not to go. Be someone’s someone for someone.Be that someone for him.
Sapan Saxena|And I learnt five new languages in the last three years""Only if you could for once understand the language of my eyes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Plucking a rose only proves you desire it, but nurturing it proves you love it.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|He said, I've been coming for you on a hard road. I'm never letting you go. Never.
Siobhan Davis, Saven Deliverance|If there’s one thing I’ve learned, buddy, it’s that love is messy and complicated. If it’s too easy, then it isn’t the real deal. It can’t be, because passion doesn’t follow the path of least resistance. It’s this fiery, out-of-control entity that sucks you in and spits you out more hurt and more alive than ever before.
Sapan Saxena|I want a long life, measured not in days and years but the moments that we spent together
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|He saw with sorrow that hers was a life he could step right into and keep working at hard from tonight until death. If he allowed himself to ponder it for a minute, he saw all the world hanging over the girl like the deadfall to a trap, ready to drop and crush.
Carl Phillips|How they madeout of shamelessness somethingbeautiful, for as long as they could.
Val Uchendu|Love FREES both the giver and the receiver, love INCLUDES all, love GIVES without seeking or demanding anything in return
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|This story is not about avoiding death, but living life.
Val Uchendu|There's no difficulty that love cannot conquer... no door love cannot open...No wall enough love will not bring down... only if we could love enough When love, skill, a talent or gift work together... we create a masterpieceLove someone with your skill, your talent or our gift... Make someone's life easier... Make someone happy today... Create your masterpiece today
Matshona Dhliwayo|There are thousands of languages around the world, but love is the most beautiful of them all.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You spend the beginning part of your life with your mother, so love her; the middle part of your life with your girlfriend, so care for her; and the end part of your life with your wife, so adore her.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love writes a letter, joy is its ink.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your soul mate comes with too much baggage, help her unpack it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from the sun; it is warm to everyone, and is therefore never in short supply of those who adore it.
Nikki Rowe|You know who you are, he said- that intimidates boys but oneday a man will come along and value that exact part in you. - Wise words from my best friend.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Love is a two-way street, but not everyone deserves a license.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A woman’s elegance will charm you for days,her beauty will charm you for weeks,her grace will charm you for years,and her virtue will charm you for a lifetime.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you kiss her cheeks, she is your friend; if you kiss her lips, she is your lover; if you kiss her heart, she is your soul mate.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest warriors fight not for crowns and splendor, but for love.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Connect with someone on a deeper level…mentally, spiritually, emotionally…and your soul will transcend the height of ecstasy.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|To be fearlessly vulnerable with someone…One of the deepest, most desirable paradoxes of love.
Val Uchendu|Love is everything, love is God in us. Love what you do, those you do it for, love others and yourself. Love is the key to success, prosperity and happiness. Give love always and you'll never lack love.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When a man meets the right woman, he meets a new strength!
Lorri Faye|The best relationships are simple. No lies, no cheating, simply two people that will always be there for each other nomatter what.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love conquers the body by embracing it,conquers the mind by massaging it,conquers the heart by kissing it,and conquers the soul by marrying it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Though love may be blind, it sees much;though it may be deaf, it hears much;though it may be mute, it says much;and though it may be lame, it does much.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|The only thing I know for sure is that this summer, I want to be with you. Sometimes I wish I could make everything else go away and have it only be you and me in our own little world.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I don’t have any fancy story,about the way we fell in love.It was that one awkward move,and the next I remember, I was looking at you.I don’t have any fancy allegory,about how we decided to marry,It was over the deck of that cruise,that you made an awkward move,And the next I remember, I conceived in your eye,some purer truth,and I was looking at you.I don’t have any fancy history,about how I know you so deeply,It always was that one awkward move,which I have trusted to pursue.Who said lovers are complex?All you need is their,one awkward move.Their soul in an instant,is engulfed,In that one tick of drool.That’s all what love is,that one awkward move,which is only meant only for you.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Love is insanity, apparently.
Ioana-Cristina Casapu|If people want to believe in Hollywood movies, let them believe in Hollywood movies. Being romantic is not a disease.
Ioana-Cristina Casapu|While the world has found the right names for all chronic mental diseases, I believe poetry is also a brain dysfunction, yet the only one that owns itself the mastery for the cure. Isn’t it lovely to say, “He/She suffers of Poetry?”.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|Love cannot exist without giving, however giving can exist without love.
Georgia Clark, The Regulars|Her mouth connected with his. Everything inside her collapsed and was constructed, simultaneously.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|Love and pride will never dwell together, never ! Do not fool yourself, God and the devil will never share the same space. Therefore, drop your pride and experience love.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|It sounds like love just sort of happens, whether you want it to or not, whether you’re married or not.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The only kind of love to be found, is within you. That other kind everybody wants... it finds you.
Adhish Mazumder, Solemn Tales of Human Hearts|The more silent you are at bed during times of crisis, the more are the chances of an amicable, dignified and a not so counterproductive interchange of romantic exuberance.
Val Uchendu|Roses have thorns,’ we whine. When thorns of life entwine. Simple things can bring solace to heart-Things everyone take for granted-Like tending beds of fragile roses-with heart full of scars
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Learn, Teach, Love, Experience and Grow. That's what I know about this life we live.
S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong|A wanton women is ripened fruit,' Constanze intoned,'begging to be plucked by the Goblin King.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Falling in love is accidental, staying in love is intentional, and growing in love is delightful.
SV|I need someone who knows to enjoy life. Someone who'll get high with me at the Pere - Lechaise cemetery. Someone who'll lose their breath running trough the Louvre. Someone who'll go to coffee with a good book ( Fyodor Dostoyevsky, L. Tolstoy, Voltaire, A. Camus, Oscar Wilde, Gustave Flaubert ). During the weekends to the cafe de Flore, and after that lunch at Ritz. Someone who'll get lost in Paris in the middle of the night. Someone who'll lay beside Seine, drink wine and listen to Florence and Machine, Banks, Borns, Hurts, Bjork, Tom Odelle... Someone who can sit in front of S.Dali's paintings for hours and not talk. Someone who wants to live. Someone who wants to travel and see the world. Someone who'll look at the stars for hours, talk about life, someone who is not afraid of death.
Abhijit Naskar|Remember, never give up on love. It is easier to give up in search of a better prize, because the brain always keeps craving for new stimulants, but this way you only keep on searching, never to find peace in love. Let me tell you a story. There was a student who asked his teacher, what is love. The teacher said go into the field and bring me the most beautiful flower. The student returned with no flower at hand andsaid, I found the most beautiful flower in the field but I didn't pick it up for I might find a better one, but when I returned to the place, it was gone.We always look for the best in life. When we finally see it, we take it for granted and after some time start expecting a better one, not knowing that it's the best. Seek for your love, and once you have it never ever give up on it, no matter the situations.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A woman’s beauty is worth little to you, a woman’s intelligence is worth much to you, a woman’s virtue is worth more to you, a woman’s love is worth the most to you, and a woman’s loyalty is worth everything to you.
Seun Ajibade|Perhaps the most hillarious yet true advice I ever gave on marriage is this one. Don't marry because of Love, marry because of food Love fades, beauty wanes but hungry doesn't
Matshona Dhliwayo|True love is like diamonds; scarce, and priceless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest profit you make in business is not money, but happiness. The greatest riches you give in life are not possessions, but love. The greatest treasures you acquire in life are not jewels, but joy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love invades your life, it captures your heart, imprisons your mind, and frees your soul.
Sami Abouzid|I never thought I would lose you I never thought You would be gone I never thought The love we had Now is done,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,You meant the world to me You are all I had in life My magical symphony Had ended tonight ………………………
Janette Oke, Love Comes Softly|He must be suffering, too. She had noted the weary sag of his shoulders, the quivering lips, the tear- filled eyes. Somehow she had never thought of him as hurting- of being capable of understanding how she felt.
Janette Oke, Love Comes Softly|My name be Clark Davis", he hurried on,"an it peers to me thet you an' me be in need of one another".
Val Uchendu|Get up, work out, eat well, enjoy the moment, be present and show up for people who need your love; family, friends, less privileged, your followers. Appreciate love and remember, the journey is more important than the destination.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you are in love, your eyes see him only, your ears hear him only, your mouth speaks of him only, your mind thinks of him only, your heart desires him only, your soul lives for him only, and your entire universe is about him only.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is the greatest drug; joy is the strongest medicine; virtue is the noblest remedy; together, they are the greatest therapy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a woman misses you, you have her mind; when she cares for you, you have her heart, when she loves you, you have her soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Marry the one who laughs when you laugh, and you are clever; marry the one who cries when you cry, and you are intelligent, but marry the one who does both with you, and you are wise.
Val Uchendu|Without passion, the earth will be full of hollow bodies devoid of love, relationship, religion, art, science and technology
Val Uchendu|Love is purely spiritual, until you can honestly accept and love your essence and truth, you have nothing to offer another
Kapil Muzumdar|Some relations just begin. Sometimes you need to but don’t want to make the first move. And you want to wait. I want to wait. Yes I want to. Why do some people suddenly come into your life out of nowhere and make a place in your heart? Its almost sacred or divine. And how do they? You want them to look at you and when they do, you don’t have the strength to look back. Why? You just feel too weak to look back. So is this love? But I want that strength inside me. And I know the person wants me too. But I am ready to wait. No hurry at all. Life is a paradox I know. And that’s very inviting.”A Novella, The Coffee and The Cola, Published 2016.
Kamand Kojouri|Like freshly cut roses, I place life in a vase... of love.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Milena|I long for you; I who usually longs without longing, as though I am unconscious and absorbed in neutrality and apathy, really, utterly long for every bit of you.
Kamand Kojouri|Like a child who saves their favourite food on the plate for last, I try to save all thoughts of you for the end of the day so I can dream with the taste of you on my tongue.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|Neither the secret whirring song of the stars nor the sonorous canticles of the earth knew the language that sprang up in the space between us. It was a dialect of heartbeats, strung together with the lilt of long suffering and the incandescent hope of an infinite future.
Sarah Perry, The Essex Serpent|Luke diagnosed himself to be in love, and sought no cure for the disease.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you are madly in love with someone, even when sanity tries to rescue you, you wrestle it.
Grace Willows|We cannot see love yet its nurturing warmth is the essence of our being and sorrow can touch our very soul. For remorse is like a ripple on the ocean, once given it remains only in the heart of the receiver.Believe in Yourself by Grace Willows
Val Uchendu|Know that time is a balm that slowly heals all wound. You'll heal, you'll learn to live with the scars, you'll love again and you won't be the same, nor would you want to
Wheston Chancellor Grove, Who Has Known Heights|To this day when I inhale a light scent of Wrangler—its sweet sharpness—or the stronger, darker scent of Musk, I return to those hours and it ceases to be just cologne that I take in but the very scent of age, of youth at its most beautiful peak. It bears the memory of possibility, of unknown forests, unchartered territories, and a heart light and skipping, hell-bent as the captain of any of the three ships, determined at all costs to prevail to the new world. Turning back was no option. Whatever the gales, whatever the emaciation, whatever the casualty to self, onward I kept my course. My heart felt the magnetism of its own compass guiding me on—its direction constant and sure. There was no other way through. I feel it again as once it had been, before it was broken-in; its strength and resolute ardency. The years of solitude were nothing compared to what lay ahead. In sailing for the horizon that part of my life had been sealed up, a gentle eddy, a trough of gentle waves diminishing further, receding away. Whatever loneliness andpain went with the years between the ages of 14 and 20, was closed, irretrievable—I was already cast in form and direction in a certain course.When I open the little bottle of eau de toilette five hundred different days unfold within me, conversations so strained, breaking slowly, so painstakingly, to a comfortable place. A place so warm and inviting after the years of silence and introspect, of hiding. A place in the sun that would burn me alive before I let it cast a shadow on me. Until that time I had not known, I had not been conscious of my loneliness. Yes, I had been taciturn in school, alone, I had set myself apart when others tried to engage. But though I was alone, I had not felt the pangs of loneliness. It had not burdened or tormented as such when I first felt the clear tang of its opposite in the form of another’s company. Of Regn’s company. We came, each in our own way, in our own need—listening, wanting, tentatively, as though we came upon each other from the side in spite of having seen each other head on for two years. It was a gradual advance, much again like a vessel waiting for its sails to catch wind, grasping hold of the ropes and learning much too quickly, all at once, how to move in a certain direction. There was no practicing. It was everything and all—for the first and last time. Everything had to be right, whether it was or not. The waters were beautiful, the work harder than anything in my life, but the very glimpse of any tempest of defeat was never in my line of vision. I’d never failed at anything. And though this may sound quite an exaggeration, I tell you earnestly, it is true. Everything to this point I’d ever set my mind to, I’d achieved. But this wasn’t about conquering some land, nor had any of my other desires ever been about proving something. It just had to be—I could not break, could not turn or retract once I’d committed myself to my course. You cannot force a clock to run backwards when it is made to persevere always, and ever, forward. Had I not been so young I’d never have had the courage to love her.
Munia Khan, To Evince the Blue|Every morningbefore the birds starttrilling me their stories,I give birth to a new lovethrough my same old heartwhen a lake’s placidityfinds life in the swans breathOnly for you...From the poem 'Only For You
Val Uchendu|Thorns with rose petals, beauty with imperfection, softness of insensibility, pain of love; duality of human nature
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|For Past is never buried-It just shines with a brighter ray,Perhaps because now we look at it as a third personUshering in a smile with moist eyes Which is but a reflection of an array of infinite emotions.Indeed, Past is never buried-It breathes silently,Deep inside,Distant yet alive.
Val Uchendu|Celebrate differences, give love, and more love. Anything short is a rigidity that cuts both ways and spawns odium and ire
Euginia Herlihy|Love is a place of rest, a place of comfort and a place of peace and enjoyment.
Euginia Herlihy|A genuine love gives it all, it protects and no strings attached. Love someone today.
Val Uchendu|Never settle for being ordinary, you're made whole in God, you're uniquely perfect. Made to love and be loved.
Sami Abouzid|I don’t know what else to do You’re always on my mind You’re the curse of my life I can’t describe,,,,,,,,,,,,,,You hurt my heart For so long You made a fool Out of me …….Now you’re wishing to be My destiny………………..Go away I had enough of you……Just go away You’re selfish You know it too…I had enough of you eternally…………………..
Munia Khan|A bird, unable to fly, is still a bird; but a human unable to love is an inexpensive stone: like a piece of uric acid stone
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look into your soulmates eyes, you see the world; into your soulmates heart, you see the sky, and into your soulmates soul, you see the universe.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|The word of God says "God is love", implying to love others is to reveal God to them.
Timothy Joshua|You are my first and last light,of my day and my night.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Falling in love with a woman’s body is lust, with a woman’s mind is sense, with a woman’s heart is virtue, and with a woman’s soul is wisdom.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|Love is all, what you put into it.!
Sharlene Leong, inspired by love: Love is a dictionary full of everything|Wipe those tears, as they have cleansed your soul.
Tim Liwanag, Wonderful Love Memes|LOVE— yes, that one never fails!
Euginia Herlihy|Love requires commitment, flexibility, transparency and loyalty. Happy Valentines Day 2017.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have money, you are affluent; if you have joy, you are wealthy; and if you have love, you are rich.
Steven E. Wedel, Call to the Hunt|If you come away with me, I can promise you pain and disgrace,” I said. “But I will love you like no other can.
Actor Johnny Depp|If you love two people at the same time, choose the second one, because if you really loved the first one, you wouldn’t have fallen for the second.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is fierce like a lion; once it has entered the heart, it is in vain to resist.
Kamand Kojouri|Being deeply, passionately, and intensely in love is being deeply, passionately, and intensely in life.
Kamand Kojouri|I was mistaken when I said you live in my heart. How absurd I was when you live in my fingertips so that everything I touch is you. How foolish I was when you live in my toes so that everywhere I go there's you. How senseless of me to say you live in my heart when you breathe in my lungs, walk on my mind, and drink in my mouth. I came to pen another poem for you, but even every unwritten poem is you.
Kamand Kojouri|I write because the security of your love allows me to develop my craft without concerning myself with trivialities — as if your love could be any more complete. But I write, in the first place,because of you, my muse. I write for your green eyes to glance at my humble words and for the pleasure of hearing you utter them.
Kamand Kojouri|I love you so much I want to share youwith yourself.I know you do not insist that I do, but I love you so much I want to shareGod with you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is more powerful than even the sun; light can only enter your eyes, but love can enter your soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love makes you strong when others are weak, brave when others are scared, hopeful when others are despairing and cheerful when others are sad.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|If you want to make your wife joyful, treat her like Holy Spirit
Kamand Kojouri|How is it possible, you ask, for love to be greater than the person who does the loving? That’s because love defies the rules of reason. It is the only exception.
Kamand Kojouri|I came to pen another poem for you, but even every unwritten poem is you.
Tilicia Haridat|I knew I loved you when the very thought of breaking your heart, broke mine.
Kamand Kojouri|Don’t say to yourself, ‘Everyone argues!’ to justify and normalise your fighting, when the most natural thing is to love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|No three words have greater force than “I want you,” greater strength than “I need you,” greater might than “I miss you,” and greater power than “I love you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Joy is the best companion, virtue is the noblest acquaintance, wisdom is the cleverest friend, and love is the kindest soul mate.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I searched for love, and only found God; I searched for God, and only found love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Even if love were considered a mental illness, that would not prevent it from being a pleasant one.
Hilal Hamdaan|I don't believe in your version of love, I have my own
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have her mind, you have her for a moment; if you have her heart, you have her for a while; if you have her soul, you have her for a lifetime.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|What about those Promises of yours to never leave me? she asked, stammering too much this time. His cruel smirk was as gut-wrenching as his words— Promises are meant to be broken, sweetheart.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Marry someone you can live with, and you have found your companion; marry someone you can’t live without, and you have found your soulmate.
The Paper Doll|If you have to love, then love greatly.
Nurudeen Ushawu|If you love and care enough, you will give a lot, you will forgive a lot.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|The way your curious eyes were chasing mine when I stood in front of you, I knew I had known these eyes before.
Arpit Agrawal, Take my heart, forever...|You know what, the moment I see you, first thing that comes to my mind is, I have just wasted 26 years of my life without you...
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Do not delude yourself, tomorrow is not guaranteed; and even if good fortune brings you your tomorrow, there is no guarantee those you love will be a part of it. Do not squander your precious, limited time. Value what love you have in your life - nothing is more valuable. Make it known to those who matter.
Khadija Rupa, Unexpressed Feelings|Someday, even my existence would be felt.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I saw spark in your eyes while you chose only flaws in me, that made the difference!
Paul Brinkley-Rogers, Please Enjoy Your Happiness|I am saving my love in four parts. One part I will give to my family, because they give life to me. One part I will give to my future husband, because he will be the one who I will accompany with me for the rest of the life. The third part I will give to my husband's family, because if it was not for his mother and father I would not have him. The fourth part I give to myself, because if a woman does not love herself, how she could love another?
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I would die for you, my love—in old age.
Erich Fromm|For despite what some people say, love is not only a sweet falling bound to come and quickly go away.
Munia Khan|Love is love, even if it is illicit; like light remains light even in the darkness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love enters your heart, hate is given an eviction notice.
Lily Amis, Angel of Love  Lily: Zak, My Sweet Inspiration|Never chase people. Be you and the right people who belong in your life and deserve a place in your heart will come, find and appreciate you!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Beauty catches your eye, joy seizes your heart, and love captures your soul.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you put all of your eggs in love’s basket, joy will hatch.
Taylor Patton|If you wake with a change of direction, deciding you hate who you've been,Remember, I loved you every yesterday as I will continue to love you then.Whomever person you become I shall worship and whatever path you pave I will follow,Because I loved you every yesterday and I will love you every tomorrow.
Ramana Pemmaraju|A man can deceive a women, so can a woman deceive a man; but if both are deceived its LOVE!
Lorri Faye|Many people in life will catch your eye, but few will catch your heart. Make sure you notice the difference.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If someone is destined to be with you, nothing can keep her away; if she is not, nothing can make her stay.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When the head tries to rule the heart, emotion poisons it.
Ufuoma Apoki|We'd rather have a grand spectacle of retribution of the 'wicked', than their silent walk towards redemption that our wishes questions the depth and nature of our love and hearts.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|The lessons of relationship that our primordial ancestors learned are deeply encoded in the genetics of our neurobiological circuits of love. They are present from the moment we are born and activated at puberty by the cocktail of neurochemicals. It’s an elegant synchronized system. At first our brain weighs a potential partner, and if the person ﬁts our ancestral wish list, we get a spike in the release of sex chemicals that makes us dizzy with a rush of unavoidable infatuation. It’s the ﬁrst step down the primeval path of pair-bonding.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Males of all species are made for wooing females, and females typically choose among their suitors. If you take a closer look, you can observe such behavior all around you. The beautiful bird chirping outside your window. It’s a mating call. That pretty little bird is trying to attract a potential mate, so that it can propagate its genes. Why does the peacock have such beautiful feathers? It is to attract a healthy female. He as well is trying to propagate his genes. Even we humans, are not much different from the rest of the animal kingdom when it comes to attracting potential mates. When women dress up for their night out at the club, they are doing so to look attractive. This is a subconscious evolutionary desire to attract as many potential mates as possible.... While women tend to grab attention with their looks, men on the other hand, tend to attract as many potential females as possible, by showing off their resources. When a man shows off with his fancy car, expensive gold watch and suit, or flexes his muscles and brags about how many credit cards he owns, he’s doing so to make himself desirable by healthy women, in order to propagate his genes. It is all in the pursuit of reproduction.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|In the beginning of our love lives, it is the beastly instinct of sexual attraction that drives us all. The butterflies in your stomach simply signal your mind that the person in front of you would make a fantastic mate to make babies with. Without this primeval drive, you won’t ever fall for anyone in your entire lifetime. The very attraction you feel towards a person in a romantic way, is a mental manifestation of a subconscious desire to mate with that person.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Let’s talk about mankind’s most adored emotion – Love. However, love itself is not a single emotion, rather a blend of many. It is such an enchanting sensation, that it has been inspiring artists, scientists, philosophers and thinkers for ages. Albert Einstein said, “any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves”. Geniuses around the world came up with various creations under the spell of love. Schrodinger’s Wave Equation, Hawking’s Hawking Radiation, Tagore’s songs, Rumi’s poems, are just a few among the plethora of scientific and philosophical literature created under the enigmatic and warm influence of love. So, technically it is totally worth being crazy in love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Were my love the sky, it would be boundless.Were my love the sea, it would be ceaseless.Were my love the world, it would be limitless.Were my love the universe, it would be endless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|By the time you become an expert at marriage, it is too late to start a new one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Treat marriage like a diamond necklace; if broken, fix it, but do not throw it away.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|There is a natural magic in the feeling of love that has been nourished by Mother Nature through millions of years. It can make you reach the zenith of your true potential. It can awaken your mind towards your deepest powers, and make you endowed with tools of greatness that you can never access in an ordinary state of mind.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|At that very first kiss of my life I felt something melt inside me that hurt in an exquisite way. All my longings, all my dreams and sweet anguish, all the secrets that slept deep within my limbic brain came awake. I felt billions of Beach Boys playing their sweet melody inside my heart in perfect harmony with the universe.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|We were the only two people in the entire airport who lost total track of time, for we were consumed by space-time at that present moment. Time was irrelevant to our existence, for we didn’t want to exist outside the tight and glorious knots of each other’s arms. Time is basically an illusion created by the mind to aid in our sense of temporal presence in the vast ocean of space. Without the neurons to create a virtual perception of the past and the future based on all our experiences, there is no actual existence of the past and the future. All that there is, is the present.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Nature programmed the neurobiological processes of early love to appear as something beyond the primitive sexual cravings of the genitals. So, from an evolutionary standpoint, it all leads to copulation and reproduction, but from the perspective of the individual who has recently fallen head over heels in love with someone, it is mostly about a sensation of warmth and delight, and rarely of sexual nature.
Kamand Kojouri|We start a relationship with someone not only because of how great they are but how great they make us feel. And because they have granted us this extraordinary gift—a chance to experience love, joy, compassion, and security —it is our exclusive privilege to make them feel wonderful about themselves, especially during days when they, themselves, don't feel so wonderful.
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|It’s natural to want someone you love to do what you want, or what you think would be good for them, but you have to let everything happen to them. You can’t interfere with people you love any more than you’re supposed to interfere with people you don’t even know. And that’s hard. Because you often feel like interfering—you want to be the one who makes the plans. . . You can’t protect people, kiddo, all you can do is love them.
Natalie Wee, Our Bodies & Other Fine Machines|Like any / unloved thing, I don’t know if I’m real /when I’m not being touched.
Radhika Mundra|To ease a grieving heart is the world's greatest pleasure, more so, when the heart is yours.
Matshona Dhliwayo|There is no gem like virtue, no wealth like happiness, no treasure like faith, and no jewel like love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest gift you can give to someone is your heart; because when you give your heart, you are giving your most prized possession.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love has the mind of a sage, the heart of a saint, and the soul of an angel.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your wife puts on ten pounds, love her ten times more.If she puts on a hundred pounds, love her a hundred times more.If she puts on a thousand pounds, love her a thousand times more.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|There's a kind of purity to a relationship unencumbered by convention, a sense of simplicity and freedom.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Love is not sacrificing for each other, but helping each other to become more unified - Mentally by respecting each other's EGO; Psychologically - by understanding and overcoming the subtle nuances of the mind that are detrimental to each other's progress and Spiritually - becoming one with the cosmic whole. This organic growth in all sphere of life is what we call LOVE! Have you experienced this?
E. L. Neve|You were my marital bliss,” he said to me this morning. “You can be again!” You know what I answered? “A marital blister, that’s what we’ll have if I stay.
treeguy39040|Beds ain't for sleeping, and clothes ain't for bed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Lust makes you weak, passion makes you strong, love makes you brave, and heartache makes you wise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Women are like shadows; when you chase them, they run from you; when you run from them, they chase you.
Sarah J. Maas, Empire of Storms|I love you. There is no limit to what I can give to you, no time I need. Even when this world is a forgotten whisper of dust between the stars, I will love you.
Nikki Rowe|He is the greatest mystery I had even known, one that always had me craving just a little bit more.
Julian Fellowes, Belgravia|I would fight dragons, I would walk over flaming coals, I would enter the Valley of the Dead, if I thought I might have a chance of your heart.
Nikki Rowe|I share my secrets with the moon, She talks about her love story with the sun & I share all my dreams about you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you are in love, your eyes see him only, your ears hear him only, your mouth speaks of him only, your mind thinks of him only, your heart desires him only, your soul lives for him only; your entire universe revolves around him only.
John Glenn, John Glenn: A Memoir|Love is a combination of friendship, passion, and respect.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is a spirit, and therefore cannot die a natural death.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|All that two lovers want, is to be one with the other in a moment of ecstasy.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|Through sexual intimacy, two human beings become one mind, body and soul wrapped up in the cocoon of their skin.
Ophélia Darwish, Revenge|[We learn] from heartbreak that love is not for idealists, but realists; it should always be passionate, but it is always dangerous. That infatuation is a game of power, but love leaves us powerless--and it is our dignity in its aftermath that defines us.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I miss you,” is how she entices you.“I want you,” is how she charms you.“I need you,” is how she entraps you.“I love you,” is how she imprisons you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The heart is a wanderer, the mind is its map; love is its destination.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Passion stimulates you, love intoxicates you, marriage sobers you, and parenthood tries you.
Abhijit Naskar|The very first few days when you actually start having symptoms of falling for someone special, are the days of heavenly bliss and unreasonable madness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love makes you the richest person in the world, no matter how poor you are.
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|Those of us with Big Hearts are like Big Banks, we are too Big to fail!
Lizzy Blue|I like feeling like I'm something , That I'm some ones. i never had this be fore . its really pretty all light and pink and green like a spring day but with a few grey clouds that come and go and help the flowers grow . This feeling it's love.
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|Love is like stocks, if you don't want to suffer loss quickly, you better diversify!
Matshona Dhliwayo|The most expensive jewels are not found around our necks, but in our hearts.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|The very first few days when you actually start having symptoms of falling for someone special, are the days of heavenly bliss and unreasonable madness. This specific “madness” is one of the most rudimentary elements of the foundation of love. Along comes “Euphoria”. It feels like you have grown wings and you can fly around without a single care in the world. Everything starts to seem beautiful and better. The sun shines a bit brighter and the birds twitter a little louder and sweeter. As if you are stuck in an enchanting dream. You get butterflies in your stomach whenever the special person casts a blazing gaze upon you. And off course you all know about the thumping of heart and dilation of pupils.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you sweep a woman off of her feet, make sure your character is strong enough to keep her in the air.
Jason Dias, The Girlfriend Project|We're really endless in a way. If time goes on forever, then any way you divide it is also forever. A tenth of infinity is infinity. It's only us that think the time is gone. It isn't. We're still there. Still at our wedding. Still on honeymoon. All the good times are still happening. Even in the middle of the bad times to come, we'll still be together. Forever, in a way.
R.D. Blackmore, Complete Collection of R. D. Blackmore|Either love me not at all, or as I love you, for ever.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The universe offers you three things that money cannot buy: joy, love, and life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Joy is a loyal companion, love is a faithful friend, fear is a terrible adversary, and hatred is a merciless enemy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love does these three things effectively: multiplies joy, divides trouble, subtracts grief, and adds peace.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The most beautiful jewelry in the world is not a diamond necklace, but two hearts beating as one.
Katie Khan, Hold Back The Stars|She won’t love again in the same unbridled way; she’ll never feel the sharp brightness of her own personality when he gazes upon her, when he draws a spotlight over her and she responds, fully illuminated.
Nikki Rowe|We all have a " someone " who we carry in our hearts sometimes for an entire lifetime. That one that just doesn't fully remove itself from your journey, reminded at coffee shops through scent and character of a stranger, or a song that you once shared. Years can go by without a thought and then one day you are reminded and it all comes crashing back. The one that could have been, the one that you never knew exactly how to say goodbye to. The one you wish to meet first in another life.
Unknown|Even if I spent the whole day with you, I would miss you the second you leave.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To live a little, love a little. To live a lot, love a lot.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is ill-mannered; it can knock on your heart early, stay late, and leave without saying goodbye.
Charlyn Khater|if love is not the answer, make sure to change the question.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Hate is strong, fear is mighty, jealousy is powerful, but love is invincible.
Abhijit Naskar|Love and Divinity are both gifts from Nature, fraught with the highest bliss.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|We were like two atoms in one molecule, hydrogen and oxygen. Both explosive alone, but the source of everything when we came together.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you try to buy love, you will go bankrupt trying to possess it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you fall for someone, make sure they’re there to catch you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a woman wants your attention, she uses her smile. When she wants your wallet, she uses her charm. When she wants your heart, she uses her touch. When she wants your soul, she uses her kiss.
Angela Parkhurst, The Forgotten Fairytales|After every rainfall there's a rainbow because rainbows are a promise. A promise that there will always be a light in the darkness. That's why they are too beautiful to overlook.' His hand crept along my cheek, brushing away the fallen strands of my hair. The same strange look came over him, as if he wasn't present at all, but somewhere else, in a strange memory. "You, Norah, are our light."I swallowed hard. "Where's the darkness?"His eyes were trained, like he was under a spell, unable to move away or stop looking at me. "Where you aren't.
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|Maybe human beings are programmed … to help one another, even to fall in love. But just because it's human nature doesn't make it bad, Tally. Besides, we had a whole city of pretties to choose from, and we chose each other.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Think of the principle as that precise moment you recall everything that makes you love that person: the number of times your partner makes you smile, comforts and supports you. During those times dig deep and shift your focus from whatever bad is happening today, at this minute, and appreciate every other day, hour and second that person spends being “the one.
Sami Abouzid|You can kill our love, but you can't delete our memories together
Matshona Dhliwayo|Do the dishes, and you have her heart; do the dishes and the laundry, and you have her soul.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Doesn't matter you have thousand of qualities but if you are not honest with your beloved,then other all qualities are rubbish.to hold relation and love there is need only one quality Thats call Honesty and just Honesty
Renee Conoulty, Don't Mean a Thing|Stop thinking about the steps. There are no moves in blues, only movement. Just listen to the music,” Matt whispered into my ear.I let go, softening into his arms. The sways became steps, and without even realising, I was dancing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is like lightening; it can strike anyone, anywhere, and at any time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a woman tells you how terrible she looks, sincerely deny it, even if you agree.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Shame|You're my missing puzzle piece," she whispers as we continue dancing."Your puzzle piece?" I question. "I'm not broken...but before you; I was never whole, either," she clarifies. "You're the missing piece that made me whole. And now, you're the piece that keeps me from breaking.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A thousand ways to please your wife boil down to two words: “Yes, dear.
Stephen Clayworth|As I was contemplating each second of your existence, the sound of nothing but your delicate breathing, brings me back the memories of experiences I have not yet experienced
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be calm when your wife yells at you, calmer when she chastens you, but be terrified when she ignores you.
Sami Abouzid|Nobility, I always have one thing common with you , I always think you’re an angel
Anupama Garg, The Tantric Curse|Love is a word, to which each of us have to give our own defination.
Luffina Lourduraj|When two broken hearts meet, they find their missing part in each other.
Robin Benway, Emmy & Oliver|Sometimes, the things people don't say are louder than the words that come out of their mouths.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Before you look for dirt in people, look for treasure.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your wife is smarter than you; know this, and you will live happily ever after.
Raneem Kayyali|We don't find love, love finds us. What you put out into the universe will find its way back to you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As the sun lives on when it sets in the warmth it has given to others, you too will live on in the hearts of those whose lives you have touched.
Sahara Sanders, The Honest Book of International Dating: Smart Dating Strategies for Men|...A huge “army” of immature guys with blinders over their eyes, looking for UNCONDITIONAL LOVE, are going nowhere. Such men are all ending up to be eternal dating losers, because they are simply wasting huge amounts of effort, trying hard and hoping to find something that does not exist on the planet.To achieve the goal of personal happiness, we have to be honest with ourselves first of all. We need to be brave enough and smart enough to look into the mirror at our true selves, without our comfortable masks of lies or hypocrisy.LET’S FACE IT:There are always reasons why we feel love for another person; we don't love someone for no reason at all. We love them for the qualities they possess, which we admire; for those amazing, bright emotions they evoke from within ourselves; for the love and care that we so acceptingly receive from them; and for what good feelings we experience being around them, etc.Be HONEST with yourself!
Sami Abouzid|Many people in this world want you to follow them blindly, no questions asked , they wanna control your fate, your heart, soul & thoughts, I tell you...Follow your heart , listen to what it has to say .
Sami Abouzid|The beauty about creating soundtracks is that each time I’m living in a magical world, a world of the logic of sense away from the crazy world we’re living in where materialism in charge of our destiny
SAMi|The realization that friendship is greater than love doesn't come when you have real and honest friends around. You realize it when someone whom you have always thought of as a friend, back stabs you. When a friend breaks your trust it hurts more than a lover abandoning you and then you realize friendship is indeed greater than love... While you are still figuring out the depth of your emotional connectivity, the ones who say they would never leave you, have already left. Unfaithful love does breaks heart but an unworthy friend bruises your soul.
Sami Abouzid|I’m building a castle of soundtracks. So that one day I’ll tell the ones I care for, I fought for my rights to dream and making them come true
Archna Mohan|She doesn't know any other way to express her love, it always flowed like a river inside her. Don't judge her for the way she love .Like an artist she carves each relation in her life wholeheartedly. Now its an art work , you might not like her art but don't doubt her love which created that.
jagvir ji|i know this is love "" but how can be you so sure "" can't you see I'm alone, suffering nd it really hurts , I'm dying everyday a little bit , tell me any other disease where u face all this nd it has no cure buddy , I'm trapped
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love came, it saw, and it conquered me.
Sami Abouzid|The more you create great music, the more it makes you eager to create more and more
Raneem Kayyali|This funny thing we call love, how simple it may seem. To say it is sometimes enough but to feel it is a dream.
Raneem Kayyali|Can you hear the echoes of a faint whisper in the breeze? Can you smell the fragrance of the roses and the trees? Can you see my soul reaching out from within? Can you feel my fingertips dance upon your skin? Let the sky fall dim as our love ignites, losing sense of the days and the never-ending nights.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a man treats you like a princess, he deserves to be your king.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The shrewd marry for money, the scheming marry for status, the calculating marry for power, but the wise marry for love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the final chapter of your life story is written by love, you are guaranteed a happy ending.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to be happy, love. If you want to be happier, love some more.
kambiz shabankareh|Love it's not supposed to be complicated. It must be easy. It should not need begging and imploring. Love must be simple, because it's just the beginning of a long journey.
Ahmed Falah|I always have a fear of loosing Love ones. Even if I don't want to see this happen, I will have to face the bitter truth sooner or later.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|With the glorious flames of compassion in your heart, embrace the goodness from all religions. Taste the love of Christmas, the radiance of Diwali, the brotherhood of Ramadan, the feast of Sukkot and assimilate anything that appeals to you. The end product of such acceptance is a peaceful human society, filled with joy and cheer.
Munia Khan|When you kiss, my world falls apartHeaven comes down to woo my heart
Stephanie  Thornton, The Secret History: A Novel of Empress Theodora|Love suffers long and is kind. Love does not parade itself, is not arrogant or rude, does not seek its own, thinks no evil; does not rejoice in iniquity, but rejoices in the truth. Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
~ Fidelis O Mkparu (2016), author of ‘Love’s affliction’|I’ll never forget the magic of our Saturday nights. Special moments carved in my mind by you the sculptor of my love. Let’s dance the night away. Who needs music, when your heart already sings to me.
Dariush Youkhaneh, Serving the living God|Your boast does not take you in any place , But your love, YES.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Passion gives you what you want, lust gives you what you desire, but only love gives you what you need.
Shillpi S Banerrji|Your beauty is tragic.It is the sweetest sin,Heaven ever created!
Brittainy C. Cherry, Art & Soul|But my heart… my heart believed in a quiet, simple kind of love. A kind of love that was created before time existed, a kind of love that was bigger than any limitations the world placed upon us. It was a type of love that had no age limits, no boundaries , and was seen only within the souls of two people. My heart didn’t give me much of a choice.
Marcus L. Lukusa|Love is like going fishing, you never know what size fish will be taken out of the water, but big or small you will be the one deciding to either kill it or keep it close to you under good care and nature it. But firstly you have to take the courage to go fishing.
Sami Abouzid|There’s no smoke Without a fire There’s no life Without you ………………There’s no hope Without desire In the night My heart is calling you ………………Nights of fear I’m feeling safe Only in your arms ………….Baby, nights of fear Take me to your paradise You can share my love tonight There’s a way for two……………………….
Wayne Gerard Trotman|If you're with someone, but you're constantly worried about what they think of you, you're with the wrong person.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Sometimes you have to "play the part" to become the part.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Often it takes more guts than skill to open doors. Once the doors get opened, then it's up to you.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Sometimes life is unpredictable, as are people.
Julieanne O'Conner|Creative solutions come at drastic times, if you open your mind to the possibilities. Free yourself to take a chance!
Julieanne O'Conner|Other people's criticisms about what you are capable of, have nothing to do with you.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|When you get clear on your own boundaries, you will find it easy to decide what you're willing to accept in your career.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|When you make an embarrassing mistake, learn to let the memories be enough to let you laugh about it today.
Julieanne O'Conner|When you seek first to develop relationships based on personal and human ground, you will surely gain interest of another party.
Sami Abouzid|Your heart is so precious to be mistreated by idiots in this world, to deserve better
Sami Abouzid|Your heart is so precious to be mistreated by idiots in this world, you deserve better
Julieanne O'Conner|When you get clear on your own boundaries, you will find it easy to decide what you are willing to accept in your career.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|What makes a person unique is their vision, their belief, their passion, and their flat out unwillingness to give up.
Jay Crownover, Charged|You’re the best bad decision I ever made, and you are, by far, my favorite story to tell.
Julieanne O'Conner|Often, it takes more guts than skill to open doors. Once the doors get opened, then it's up to you.
Kyle Wacasey|I taught her to fly, and she began to soar.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|When it comes to recognizing your greatness, start first within your mind. Start now, in this moment. Imagine, imagine, imagine and then believe!
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Sometimes what may appear as unfair, may actually be a huge favor from the Universe, pushing you in the right direction to live your dreams.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|I take my integrity seriously, but make no mistake, I do not rely on others to do the same.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Anything is possible with laughter. If you can laugh out loud, especially at a life of mistakes, you will come out unscathed.
Ashok Khurana|Love began everything.Nothing ends till it ends in Love.Once it ends in Love,it is not an end but Beginning of Love.
Carol Padilla|But do not fall only for what can be seen,there is more than just beauty and pleasure...
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Before you get a bad attitude by drawing recurring conclusions to new situation based on past experiences, be sure to look for the possibilities.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Opportunities seldom appear wrapped in shiny paper with a big bow as you might hope. Remaining open to the packages they do in fact come in, regardless of how they appear, can lead to hugely profound experiences.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Life's unpredictable path and length, should be enough to make you want to take a chance.
Lauren Myracle, The Infinite Moment of Us|So you know, i'm thinking that you can either keep yourself safe and not feel anything, or you can the risk of just loving him and letting him love you." she paused. "Is he worth the risk? And if not what is? What are you willing to take risk for, Wren?
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|People who believe in their own potential, and who are driven by purpose, rarely have time to talk about it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Falling in love with someone is intentional, even if it was their looks that tripped you.
Elle Kennedy, The Score|I didn’t like the way he looked at you.” “How did he look at me?” Allie asks warily. “Like you were his entire world.” She frowns. “And that’s a bad thing?” “Damn right it is. Nobody should ever be someone else’s entire world. That’s not healthy, AJ. If your whole life is centered on one thing—one person—whatcha going to be left with if that person goes away? Absolutely nothing.” He gruffly reiterates, “Not healthy.
Munia Khan, To Evince the Blue|Night after night on starry wingsNight lovers soared so highMiles apart, across the oceansTheir love forgot to sighIn heavenly flight’s timelessnessThat highest height treasuredInto the deepest of all bluesTheir depth of love measured.From the poem 'The Ballad of Night Lovers
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|I thought an hour ago that I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a man, but a half hour after that I knew that what I felt before was nothing compared to what I felt then. But ten minutes after that, I understood that my previous love was a puddle compared to the high seas before a storm.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|When it comes to happiness, why would anyone want to delay it?
Matshona Dhliwayo|They gave me a thousand reasons to leave you, but I found a thousand and one reasons to be with you.
Sami Abouzid|When You Feel like Quitting, Remember those who told you, you’ll never make it.
Carol Vorvain, Why Not?: The island where happiness starts with a question|For Tahitians there is nothing more desirable than love, being loved and making love. They are in love with the idea of love even more than they are with a real person. Love is free, passion unrestrained and wild, and all love stories, no matter how long they last, one day, a year or forever, are equally beautiful.
Sami Abouzid|Being away from something, gives you a clear vision about it
Carol Vorvain, Why Not?: The island where happiness starts with a question|Love is like a pair of polarized sunglasses, making every color seem more vivid, richer, warmer. Without it we stare at the world dull-eyed and flinch at the thought it might remain the same forever.
Sami Abouzid|When you’re scared to death to lose her, know it for sure, you will.
Sami Abouzid|Save me, I need you, life is sad without you
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|SLAMMED DOORS, Path of Discouragement. OPEN DOORS, Path of change. Do something different.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Sam came to a fork in the road. One sign said 'SLAMMED DOORS, Path of Discouragement. Continue doing what you're doing.' The other sign said 'OPEN DOORS, Path of Change. Do something different.' And so he was presented with a choice. It was a "no-brainer" to choose the path of "OPEN DOORS." But the question became, 'What to do different?
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Catching up with the end result is never final, until it is, upon death.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|The most important part of life is in fact, the journey, and it's happening right now.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Only your life's work , driven by passion, will last forever.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|It takes literally no effort to allow yourself to drift into a negative state of mind. However, an inspired mind is one that has been developed and is constantly practiced in the art of visualization, positive thinking, and unwavering belief in potential and possibility.
Juliet Marillier, Wildwood Dancing|Not all were joyful tales; we needed to acknowledge that love was not just kisses, smiles, and fulfillment, but also sacrifice, compromise, and hard work.
James     Baldwin, Just Above My Head|Love forces, at last, this humility: you cannot love if you cannot be loved, you cannot see if you cannot be seen.
Abhijit Naskar|Homosexuality is neither a sin, nor an anomaly or a disease. It is an evolutionary variation.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The best couples share the load, divide the grief, and add to the peace, thereby multiplying joy.
Anastasia Nil, Tempting Fate|Falling in love is one of most beautiful emotions one can feel. You haven’t lived your life, if you haven’t loved.
Nishant Kumar|Loving someone who does not love you back is like, reaching for a star. You know you will never reach it but you just have to keep on trying. Because someday, who knows? It might fall.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Never fight for a girl; while pounding each other, someone is already making plans to whisk her away.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|There is something about understanding. Understanding with knowledge is a burden.You see, Man is always inclined to be intolerant towards the thing, or person, he hasn't taken the time adequately to understand...but once we get closer to people or have experiences of certain situations, we become tolerant of themThe way you react to a stranger over a particular thing might be different from the way you react to a friend, this is because as a friend, you know and understand much about him and could tell one or two reasons he had done what he did but for the stranger, you have no reason why he did whatever he did and would just react.It's normal though but with time, as we get closer, misunderstanding arises; from the misunderstanding, we get to know our individual limits and thus understanding springs.This is one of the reasons I always say we get to know someone better when we get closer to him or her. Once you understand someone, and if you like the person so much, I tell you, with your understanding, you can tolerate whatever the person does.With wisdom and knowledge, it is expected we seek first to understand than to be understood. Understanding brings about control and self disciplineWith understanding, you can tolerate whatever a person (especially someone you love) does cos we would love to put ourselves in their shoes and give excuses on their behalf.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|When we truly love someone, we would respect the person. No matter the wrongs done by the person, we would always try to see reasons why the wrongs were done, we would always try to understand the explained and unexplained reasons behind the person's wrong actions.We wouldn't mind justifying the wrongs simply cos the love has brought upon us a great understanding which has made us tolerant of many things about the person loved.With love, comes respect; with respect comes fair hearing; with fair hearing, comes understanding.There is no love without respect, tolerance or understanding
Fernando Lachica, OFW: This is My Life and Story|Battling through poverty was not my forte, and I didn't have the inkling of eluding them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you choose money over love, you will always be poor.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If men could be bought like clothes at an outlet, only then would women always get what they bargained for.
dandelionlady96|Thanks for holding my hand" she said, smiling while wiping away the tears off her face. If only she’d let me hold more than her hand, If only she’d let me hold her heart too.
Luffina Lourduraj|Don't cry after my death, I won't know it.Love me when I am alive.
Henna Sohail|See the world through the eyes of your inner child.The eyes that sparkle in awe and amazement as they see love, magic and mystery in the most ordinary things.
Ahmad Ardalan, Baghdad: The Final Gathering|An hour later. the moon reflected its light on the Tigris as well. The sun, the moon, and Fatima. What else could I ask for?
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Happiness is ours for the taking and take it we must without any apologies. We deserve to be happy, loved, and respected......nothing less.
Ha Jin, Waiting|Once you've done it with him, he won't abandon you. If he really loves you, if he's a man with a heart, he'll follow you wherever you go. If he doesn't, he isn't the man you want, is he?
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Return of Tarzan|So glorious does love transfigure its object"~Tarzan
Independent Zen|Love has many names including compassion, caring, concern,friendship, kindness,goodwill, altruism and benevolence.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I hate to hate you, but what else have you left me with!
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life love knocks our doors, enters our lives & changes it forever. You start believing in dreams, you start making wishes & you start to trust your heart even more! That love holds your hands & makes you feel you are safer than ever; that love makes you believe that nothing can go wrong now; and oh that warm hug, which makes you want to spend your entire life then & there! That’s when you realise you are not living an ordinary life, but it’s a fairytale!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Money can't buy love, except on Valentine’s Day.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Be like Jesus. Live love, speak love, think love…..do all things in love.
Dancolin Flamiano|Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. Real love is simple, everyday kind of thing. A smile, a hug, an encouragement. Continuous love without effort.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like the sun; bear with those in the dark, but keep shining your light.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love your friends with your eyes closed, but love your enemies with both eyes open.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Spend your time with those who love you unconditionally, not with those who only love you under certain conditions.
Eileen Anglin|Love, positivity and gratitude are the most essential ingredients to a happy and fulfilled life.
Deepak Chopra, The Path to Love: Spiritual Strategies for Healing|The energies that make us act out of anger,fear,insecurity and doubt are extremely familiar. They are like an old,dark house we return to whenever things get too hard to handle.It feels risky to leave this house and see what's outside,yet we have to leave if we expect to be loved.So we take the risk.We walk out into the light and offer ourselves to the beloved.This feels wonderful;it's like nothing we have imagined in our old,dark house.But when things get tough,we run back inside,we choose familiarity to fear and lovelessness over the vulnerability of love, until finally we feel safe enough to go back and try love again.This is essentially the rhythm of every intimate relationship-risk and retreat. Over and over we repeat this rhythm,accepting love and pushing it away until finally something miraculous happiness. The old,dark house isn't necessary anymore.We look around, and we have a new house, a house of light. Where did it come from?How did we build it? It was built from the love of the heart.It has silently been weaving our higher and lower natures,blending fear,anger,survival and protection into the energies of devotion,trust,compassion and acceptance.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love arrests your heart, pray she sentences it for eternity.
Lily Amis, Angel of Love  Lily: Zak, My Sweet Inspiration|I will always miss the person I thought U are. But not the selfish, unkind, insensitive and heartless person U turned out to be.
Mark Leiren-Young, Free Magic Secrets Revealed|Like all great adventures, this one started with someone trying to get laid. King Menelaus didn’t go to Troy for the baklava.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If all you have is money, you are among the poorest people in the world.
Maquita Donyel Irvin, Stories of a Polished Pistil: Lace and Ruffles|She was rare, few and far betweenShe suspected he would be as wellAnd the thought of two rare, few and far between individualsDoing all that was necessary for that rare, few and far between Meeting to occurDrove her to write
Tamike Wright|I can paint you a picture, but to really enjoy what I'm enjoying; you need to be intertwine with me.
Henry Johnson Jr, Liberian Son|In life, we are constantly growing.There are no true adults because our life experiences and sometimes unfortunate conditions show us that constant growth is part of the human story.
Rachel C. Weingarten, Ancient Prayer: Channeling Your Faith 365 Days of the Year|The world can be a great big scary place,and finding a soul mate is no simple task.But if you’re lucky enough to do just that,sometimes that’s all that you need: one personto belong to—who also belongs to you.
S.A. Wolfe, Faithful|It’s frightening because love is unpredictable, emotionally unstable, and uncontainable.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want the most beautiful fish in the sea, make sure you have the most appealing bait.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be calm on your wedding day; she won’t kill you in front of a hundred people, no matter what you've done.
Mark Kirkbride, Satan's Fan Club|It was true. She was his soul’s star. His heart ignited every time she came into the room, flared with every just-so gesture. Anything she touched became instantly talismanic.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is a hook; the moment a man swallows it, a woman knows she has him forever.
A.A. Gupte, Unfinished|The suffering was shaping her perception about life, her values, priorities, goals and dreams.
Laarni Venus Marie Giango|When I am with you, I am invincible.When I am with you, your kind and loving presence strengthen me down to my very core.When I am with you, I finally know what heaven on earth feels like.For when I am with you, I am the best I could be.I'd rather walk through the burning coals of hell than enjoy comfort and luxury with someone else.For life without you, is not life at all. I love you.
Laarni Venus Marie Giango|A woman can only stay in love with a man for as long as she continues loving herself when she's with him. As soon as she starts to hate who she has become while in the relationship, she will move heaven and earth to end it. Does she get hurt? Definitely. It doesn't mean that she wants to leave her love for him has faded or diminished. However, just like the most basic rule of human existence, you cannot continue giving what you do not have.
R. Queen, Darkchylde: The Ariel Chylde Saga|If you love something, love it completely, cherish it, say it, but most importantly, show it. Life is finite and fragile, and just because something is there one day, it might not be the next. Never take that for granted.Say what you need to say, then say a little more.Say too much. Show too much. Love too much.Everything is temporary but love.Love outlives us all.
Nina LaCour, You Know Me Well|You're never going to be ready"..."Don't you see that? You have to forget about ready. If you don't, you're always going to run away
Levon Peter Poe|If you love someone, you NEED to tell them this:"I AM YOURS!NO ONE can make me change that. I SUBMIT my heart to you. I give you MY LIFE not because I have to but because I trust you to care for it. I Love you. That shall never change. EVER!"Say it to them so they hear it. Prove it to them so they KNOW IT.Live it with them so they never doubt it.
Levon Peter Poe|If you love someone, you NEED to tell them this:"I AM YOURS!NO ONE can make me change that. I SUBMIT my heart to you. I give you MY LIFE not because I have to but because I trust you to care for it. I Love you. That shall never change. EVER!"Say it to them so they hear it. Prove it to them so the KNOW IT.Live it with them so they never doubt it.
Kashish Gurung|I'll fall for you, if you fall for me"that's not how love's supposed to be;its when you seek solace in pain and love retains without complaints.
Levon  Peter Poe|I will sail upon a sea of light,My guide above and below the stars.My heart for you is in flightAnd I shall come to you in your arms this night
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|Even so, in the midst of this complicated love, there is a holy union.
Sami Abouzid|The Wicked ones always thinking that reaching out for someone is nothing but a sign of weakness , so from their point of view , reaching out for someone you loved with your heart, mind & soul is a weakness ,I think it’s nothing but a trash talk , now while trying to reach out for you I’m stronger than ever , emotionally , physically & mentally and I’m not expecting in thing in return even meeting you in person . Life is weird.
Abhishek Sachdeva|Love is not about only about caring, but it is also about what type of feeling for caring
Kerr E. Lorenz|I thought I saw a memory." The nun looks at her funny as the bus turns into a position she can no longer see Elathan."What do you mean dear?" She turns to the nun."I don't know exactly, I saw a face that looked like a long lost memory trying to push its way back into my head. Something powerful, something good." Michael was right. She had pushed all the memories of her father's death deep into the back of her mind, including Elathan. She shakes it off.
James Perrin, The Occasional Swearing Of Hitched Perrin|It's far too easy to forget, miss or not appreciate the tiny things a partner does for you every single day. But should you wait until it's over or they've gone to whisper (I love you) just one more time?
Eyden I.|It hurt when someone lies to you, and you know that. But you believe him instead because you love him.
Faisal Attari|No,matter how sinful we are there is a way to repent.
Tamara Stamenkovic|You found me under the thousand stars, shining above us at the night. You found me and you wanted me to shine for you.
Ha Myung-hee (writer), said by Dr. Jung YoonDo, Doctors (닥터스)|I'm going to go where my heart takes me, even if it's a messy road.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Don't constantly make angry your wife. Once she throws you out of her heart, there is no appeal
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|I'm always with you:-Hey,I'm with you,I'm always standing behind you ,To hold you whenever you fall.To fix your broken pieces,To hold your side &To hold your hand, even if everyone else refuse to.I'm always with you,No matter how much hard it become,& It doesn't matter, even if we had fight or some misunderstandings,Or since how long we last talked,But whenever you're in need,I'm always with you.I'm always with you,Without asking a single thing from you in return,Not even with any expectations,I'm with you because,I believe in you,I always care,I always understand things,That you fail to explain,That you feel shy to share& I understand even if you don't say.That's why I'm always with you..! ❤
N'Zuri Za Austin|Can still windmills, still produce wind? Can a heart still love, when a heart no longer is?
James Emlund|When a heart has set a course, let it navigate the laughter in failure and generosity in overcoming crisis. Love weaves lives and distills.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Men are handicapped in love, either in giving or in receiving. They consider love as a sign of weakness
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Forgiveness is all about love. Where love abounds, there forgiveness will not tarry
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If someone can't forgive, it's because he does not love
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When something or someone you dearly love is snatched away from you, something of you go with it. You become emotionally amputated
Elie Jerome, I Dare You to Try It|People may say many negative things about love, but it will remain the most beautiful sensation and strongest emotion ever felt. Love opens sky, makes the sun shine at midnight, stops time, and cure all wounds. Love is paradise and love is God.
Nino Varsimashvili|Love is the strength through which a heart starts speaking,Vertiginous windstorm that opens the door to madness.An inspiration that keeps us awake whilst sleeping,Magical breeze that blows away the sadness.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Women are the best thieves you will ever meet; they steal your heart and your last name, but never get to spend the night in jail.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though a new cloth makes you look new, when you see the old cloths, you remember the old life
Rohit  Sharma|One of the most difficult things is to be friends with someone you love so immensely. It hurts. And the worst part is, you have to veil your pain with a smile. And every bit of that smile hurts too.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Before letting someone hold your heart in their hands, make sure their hands are clean.
Steve Goodier|After you are gone, people may forget most of what you have said and done. But they will remember that you loved them.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Sometimes I reach the highest heights of hope, at other times I reach the deepest of despair. Sometimes I am happy, at other times I am sad. At some point I am a believer, and at some other time an unbeliever. Sometimes I love, some other times I hate. That’s what it means to be human.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must account for the life that we lived. A person inevitably will ask himself or herself on their deathbed, ‘what was the aim of my life,’ ‘what did I accomplish,’ ‘what did I not accomplish,’ ‘what would I alter if I could live my life all over again’? What we discover on our deathbeds is that material luxuries afford no solace. We cannot purchase, possess, or legally acquire what is pure: love, beauty, truth, goodness, and imagination.
Anamika Mishra, Voicemates: A Novel|If there is a reason, if it makes sense, if it's making you demand something in return... Trust me, its NOT love!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must be able to love other people or forever endure the stain of disgraceful loneliness. By recognizing and expressing empathy for other people, we come to accept our own fallibility.
Genereux Philip|CAME" - Crownless Ambition Must Emerge - Genereux Philip
Emilyann Girdner|Together, we overcome the drought of happiness and goodness, by seeing our glasses half full and helping fill others’ glasses back up with love.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|It's is not enough just to follow your heart. Use it in every breath and in each step. Meet and greet everyone with it. Put it into all you do, every dish you eat and all you create. Then your life and those of those you come into contact with will be truly rich - beyond material and transient things.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your heart truly stops when she looks at you, how come you are still alive?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is the luckiest tenant in the world, living in the hearts of men and women rent free.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If love was a sin, God Himself would be in the hottest part of Hell.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Even now, whenever I think of her, I envision a quiet Sunday morning. A gentle, clear day, just getting under way. No homework to do, just a Sunday when you could do what you wanted. She always gave me this kick-back-and-relax, Sunday-morning kind of feeling.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Shame|He lifts my chin and looks at me. “I don't want to break you, Lou-Lou.” He leans his forehead against mine. “But sometimes you have to break in order to be fixed. And if you trust me enough to fall apart, I swear...I'll put you back together again.
S.W. Collins|You are a full of beautiful madness, an unreasonable reason, but you make sense in all things senseless.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|Maybe, peace was preferable to pleasure. Maybe, peace is one’s first love.
Dipin Damodharan|We are still living with the ideology of compromise, not with the ideology of recognition
Jojo Moyes, After You|I'm not letting go of you" - Sam
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|We are on a stroll, hand in hand, in a garden, in the moonlight and the sole purpose of such a venture is to come together in love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Time stops when you are in love, even as you age.
Bonita Venter|Sometimes the mind silence the heart, cause it is afraid of what it might say
Ika Natassa, The Architecture of Love|Romance is good, you know
Mehmet Murat ildan|If there is a very strong love behind you that you can lean against to it, nothing can ever shake you very strongly!
Divyen|The way you look at me even if we're surrounded by crowd, is the thing makes me fall in love with you all over again..<3
Kshanasurya|Her Smile, The Sole Reason I want to Live !
Prince Maxon, "The One" by Kiera Cass|Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.” "Shhh," I urged.“I'll love you until my very last breath. Every beat of my heart is yours. I don't want to die without you knowing that.”"Please don't," I choked.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|I always feel that one should be loved passionately, not as a matter of course.
Ahmad Ardalan, Baghdad: The Final Gathering|You asked if I loved her? I can't even whisper her name, my heart would burst out of my chest.
Daniel Friday Danzor|Just because you took longer than others, doesn’t mean you failed.
Brittany Noel Bostic, The Fight|What is the difference? Tell me what is the difference between you and me. We both kill for what we want," the man asks."We lived here first.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is the only criminal who, after stealing your heart, convinces you to celebrate her.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|When you love someone, you become immune to the hurt they cause you. You don’t love hoping to get something in return, you love because you have to. In its extreme form, it is a need to give, not a need to get.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Hate spreads in the direction it is blown, but love spreads in all directions.
Kemi Sogunle, Being Single: A State For The Fragile Heart: A Guide to Self-Love, Finding You and Purposeful Living|Don't let your focus be so much on how many times you go on a date but how you can build into one another, share and carry each other's vision, complement each other, develop a deeper level of friendship; grow spiritually together and make the little things meaningful. It's beyond the 100% but more about how committed and dedicated you are daily. Love can only truly exist, when you become selfless and focus less on what is in it for you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Realize your true strength when people reject you. In actual fact, they do not reject you. They only show you your real strength
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Shame|Girls like me don't get the fairytales. Because the white knights never want the dirty, damaged girls. They know there's nothing left of us that's salvageable...nothing left of us that hasn't already been taken and destroyed. And saving us? Will only ruin them.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you want to feel the sunshine, change position!
Srividya Srinivasan|Love dies when the lover in us dies. It snaps when the lover in us gives up in defeat. When the cold, practical us takes over the the self-image of us a lover. When the lover in us wins, the practical us recedes and the magic takes over, and when the lover in us loses, the practical us takes over and the magic recedes and the more the lover in us dies, the less courage we have in magic until we reach a point where we even disbelieve the very notion of magic, and magic within us. Who would believe the madness of moonlight in broad daylight? Love dies from hunger for love that love is unable to feed. If I tell you that just as the cold rays of harsh sunlight shall give away to the silver cool of the moonlight beams, your disbelief can turn to magic,are you going to believe? That the stars are there even during the day, that we are the ones unable to see, would you believe?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you blame gravity for falling in love, even God has the right to laugh at you.
J. Raymond|I was well aware of her ghosts. I'd met them, once or twice, during her darkness nights. "I knew you were my one when you wouldn't run," she said. How could I? Of course I stayed, when her ghosts scared my own away. What others were too afraid to see, meant everything to me.
J. Raymond|It's not about who loves her. It's about how you love her. You have to learn the difference between what she says, and what she means. Don't just make her laugh. Try and understand why she smiles. Plenty have told her she's beautiful, but can you make her feel that way too? There's a difference, see. Compliments might cage her, while empowerment sets her free. My God, what matters to her is not just who flatters her. There's a language to her love you'll need to learn. Speak it true, and I promise you, the best of her, is what you'll earn.
J. Raymond|She played hard to get, because she was. And it wasn't a game to her to play. She was hard to get, and hard to get. Don't you understand? She was the one that got away. Either way, if she stayed or strayed, you were better for loving her. And if she loved you back, you learned to breathe easy. Like the air in your world was lighter with her in it. We all know that one we will always look back on and wonder "What if?"....She's hard to get, harder to keep, and hardest to forget.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We wait too long to tell the people we love that they are the very reason that we exist. We assume that our wife, child, other family members, and friends understand our love and affection. We assume that people we care about understand our enigmatic idiosyncrasies and willingly accept the shrouded reasons behind our demonstrable oddities. We assume that other people sense that we struggle valiantly in our blackened landscape. We presume that other people comprehend our struggle to glean meaning amongst the ashes spewed from the absurd circumstances that we operate. Sometimes we need to stop and tell the tenderhearted persons whom we care about that we love them and explain that our awkward strangeness is not a rejection of them.
Mansi Laus Deo|We are just too blinded by the phrase, "grow old together" and learning its meaning from hopeless movies and novels that glorify undying love and unbelievable understanding. Don't you think? Reality is... Love dies. People change. And we grow old together in present. Today, tomorrow, and every day after that.It's not about eternity. It's not till death do us part.It's about today. This day. And I believe only in today.So, come! Let's grow old together today!
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|Through a veil of tears I watched the city get smaller and smaller. It was funny, because it sort of felt as if my heart was doing the same thing.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Tonight, can we just pretend that you want me too?
J. Raymond|She'll let you put her in her place, But she won't stand for anything worse than first.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Love is a form of energy, and similar to all forms of energy, it is both essential for life and dangerous. Love can enrich a person’s life or destroy a person’s world. Love is a catalytic agent of change because it makes us dare to become the best person that we can be. Falling in love for the first time drives a person to the cusp of madness, while the bitter aftermath of a love lost irrevocably alters the positive and negative aspects of a person’s character. Withstanding rejection by a lover, we discover within us those ingredients that we will need in order to find our life mate and complete ourselves as man and woman.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Tonight, can we just pretend you want me too?
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|One month. Thirty days. I could bury myself in my art and forget the feel of his lips sliding across mine. I could forget the scent of his cologne, the way my body reacted when he touched me. I sighed. Thirty days suddenly seemed like an eternity.
Mansi Laus Deo|You deserve someone so much better.""You will find someone better so soon that you wont even know.""I told you, he/she wasn't good enough for you.""Oh c'mon! He/she wasn't the ONE for you.""Things will soon be fine. It's just a phase.""He/she will never find anyone better than you. Let him/her rot in hell."Gradually, you realize that all these are STANDARD statements that everybody makes to everyone. Because they don't have anything else to say.But, only your heart knows what you actually want to hear is something else. Entirely different.How you actually want and need to be handled is different. But, you don't say. Because you are scared to lose what's now left with you, and that's completely fine. To be protective of what's left. Because you can't bring back the dead!However, you also realize, that out of all these people there was only one who had the courage to show you a mirror and not be shattered by your wrath.You realize that there was only one set of arms, that were your sanctuary even though you twisted them in an outburst of anger.Not suddenly, but really slowly it settles within you, that it was only one person who knew you inside out and had the bravery to handle you at your worst.Even more slowly it settles you let that person drift away when you wanted them to run back to you and hold onto you.And so you are left with people telling you, "life moves on" and no one telling you, "Let's just pause it here!
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|We’ll have to go back there one day, the both of us. You can show my all your favorite places.”“Silly man,” I laughed and pulled his face down to mine. “You are my favorite place.
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|I opened my eyes to find a fuzzy face staring into mine. I laughed and scratched Boomer’s head. “Your dog is a pervert, he watched the whole thing.
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|Eli had shone a light into my world, he'd lit up the dark corners just by existing and even if I walked away now, I knew I'd ache for him.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Love and marriage represent the cumulative product of several judgments. Love is an instinctive human emotion that entails deliberation and reflection. The first decision is whether to love, then whom to love, and finally whether to pledge spending a lifetime together. Love is a feeling and similar to other strong feelings it might vanish. A person does not marry every time that they fall in love. Marriage requires a person to foresee that their love will endure the mutual wants and needs of both people.
Yannick Murphy, Here They Come|We dream of him and in the morning we tell each other our dreams where he is living with us again, fixing salads, whistling, standing in doorways. Our mother tells us there was a time before they thought to marry when he wrote her every day, long letters with a date and a time in the upper right corner, the hour always late and the pages sometimes stained purple by wine that had spilled as he lifted the glass and drank while he wrote … Our mother says not to throw the letters out, they are all that’s left of the love she’ll never feel again.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|I didn't want to see her. I was desperate to see her. I wanted to hold it together. I wanted to melt down right at her feet and scream, Look what you've done to me.
Deepak Ranjan, Nights of the Velvet: A Conditional Dream|Your sketch is beyond the imagination, it’s beyond thevast sea with full of emotion. A wide space is there between the two, a space of freedom, space of flexibility, though they were quite close to each other, but they are not restricted to anything. When you restrict your mind, your relation starts taking a reverse direction’. Once again, the letter reminded me of Neha’s emotion, her attachments for me…
Deepak Ranjan, Nights of the Velvet: A Conditional Dream|Can you trust me, once again…? Won’t you feel guilty accepting me with my wrongs…?’ I whispered.‘No… never…’ she hugged me tight, I rubbed my hand on her hairs , pat on her shoulder and said sorry for making her cry.
Tarang Sinha, We Will Meet Again...|Sometimes, we are simply trapped in the cage of our own emotions, unable to break those bars. It hurts!
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship ... is born at the moment when one man says to another "What! You too? I thought that no one but myself . . .
Bob Marley|The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Joan Powers, Pooh's Little Instruction Book|If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|Piglet sidled up to Pooh from behind. "Pooh!" he whispered."Yes, Piglet?""Nothing," said Piglet, taking Pooh's paw. "I just wanted to be sure of you.
Linda Grayson|There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.
Helen Keller|I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing.
Muhammad Ali|Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|He must have known I'd want to leave you.""No, he must have known you would always want to come back.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|It is more fun to talk with someone who doesn't use long, difficult words but rather short, easy words like "What about lunch?
Alice Walker|No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
S.E. Hinton|If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.
Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption: A Story from Different Seasons|Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure.
William Shakespeare, The Passionate Pilgrim|Words are easy, like the wind; Faithful friends are hard to find.
Margaret Lee Runbeck|Silence make the real conversations between friends. Not the saying, but the never needing to say that counts.
Charles Lamb, The Life, Letters and Writings of Charles Lamb|Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and to have her nonsense respected.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship.
P.C. Cast|If you have good friends, no matter how much life is sucking , they can make you laugh.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo|Friendship- my definition- is built on two things. Respect and trust. Both elements have to be there. And it has to be mutual. You can have respect for someone, but if you don't have trust, the friendship will crumble.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I am always saying "Glad to've met you" to somebody I'm not at all glad I met. If you want to stay alive, you have to say that stuff, though.
Oscar Wilde|Anybody can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success.
James Lecesne|This is how it works. I love the people in my life, and I do for my friends whatever they need me to do for them, again and again, as many times as is necessary. For example, in your case you always forgot who you are and how much you're loved. So what I do for you as your friend is remind you who you are and tell you how much I love you. And this isn't any kind of burden for me, because I love who you are very much. Every time I remind you, I get to remember with you, which is my pleasure.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Harry - you're a great wizard, you know." "I'm not as good as you," said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him."Me!" said Hermione. "Books! And cleverness! There are more important things - friendship and bravery and - oh Harry - be careful!
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
John Steinbeck, Of Mice and Men|I got you to look after me, and you got me to look after you, and that'swhy.
Richard Bach|Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
Sylvia Plath|We should meet in another life, we should meet in air, me and you.
Marilyn Monroe|When you have a good friend that really cares for you and tries to stick in there with you, you treat them like nothing. Learn to be a good friend because one day you're gonna look up and say I lost a good friend. Learn how to be respectful to your friends, don't just start arguments with them and don't tell them the reason, always remember your friends will be there quicker than your family. Learn to remember you got great friends, don't forget that and they will always care for you no matter what. Always remember to smile and look up at what you got in life.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Once she was gone, I knelt next to Annabeth and felt her forehead. She was still burning up."You're cute when you're worried," she muttered. "Your eyebrows get all scrunched toge
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|I don’t feel very much like Pooh today," said Pooh."There there," said Piglet. "I’ll bring you tea and honey until you do.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|Piglet noticed that even though he had a Very Small Heart, it could hold a rather large amount of Gratitude.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|They’re a rotten crowd’, I shouted across the lawn. ‘You’re worth the whole damn bunch put together.
Aristotle|Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|We'll be there, Harry," said Ron"What?""At your Aunt and Uncle's house," said Ron, "And then we'll go with you wherever you're going.""No-" said Harry quickly; he hadn't counted on this, he had meant them to understand that he was undertaking the most dangerous journey alone. "You said it once before," said Hermione quickly, "that there was time to turn back if we wanted to. We've had time, haven't we? We're with you whatever happens.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I wanted to be one of those people who have streaks to maintain, who scorch the ground with their intensity. But for now, at least I knew such people, and they needed me, just like comets need tails.
Jim Henson, Favorite Songs from Jim Henson's Muppets|There's not a word yet, for old friends who've just met.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|Courage. Kindness. Friendship. Character. These are the qualities that define us as human beings, and propel us, on occasion, to greatness.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|I wonder what Piglet is doing," thought Pooh. "I wish I were there to be doing it, too.
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|I don't care about whose DNA has recombined with whose. When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching--they are your family.
Nicole Richie|It's hard to tell who has your back, from who has it long enough just to stab you in it....
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|One of the tasks of true friendship is to listen compassionately and creatively to the hidden silences. Often secrets are not revealed in words, they lie concealed in the silence between the words or in the depth of what is unsayable between two people.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|I have one last hope for you, which is something that I already had at 21. The friends with whom I sat on graduation day have been my friends for life. They are my children’s godparents, the people to whom I’ve been able to turn in times of trouble, friends who have been kind enough not to sue me when I’ve used their names for Death Eaters. At our graduation we were bound by enormous affection, by our shared experience of a time that could never come again, and, of course, by the knowledge that we held certain photographic evidence that would be exceptionally valuable if any of us ran for Prime Minister.
Albert Einstein|However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
Walter Dean Myers, Slam!|Cutting people out of your life is easy, keeping them in is hard.
Henry David Thoreau|The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|It's not love or anything, but I think I like you, too.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Are you out of your goddamn mind? You think we can take on two hundred soldiers? I know I am an extremely attractive man, J, but I am not Bruce Lee.”“Who’s Bruce Lee?”“Who’s Bruce Lee?” Kenji asks, horrified. “Oh my God. We can’t even be friends anymore.”“Why? Was he a friend of yours?”“You know what,” he says, “just stop. Just—I can’t even talk to you right now.
Socrates|Be slow to fall into friendship, but when you are in, continue firm and constant.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|You think I'm a fool?" demanded Harry."No, I think you're like James," said Lupin, "who would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to mistrust his friends.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|My old grandmother always used to say, Summer friends will melt away like summer snows, but winter friends are friends forever.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays: First Series|A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. I am arrived at last in the presence of a man so real and equal, that I may drop even those undermost garments of dissimulation, courtesy, and second thought, which men never put off, and may deal with him with the simplicity and wholeness with which one chemical atom meets another.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Two a.m.' He swallowed, then said, "You know. The person you can call at two a.m. and, no matter what, you can count on them. Even if they're asleep or it's cold or you need to be bailed out of jail...they'll come for you. It's like, the highest level of friendship.
Vincent van Gogh|Close friends are truly life's treasures. Sometimes they know us better than we know ourselves. With gentle honesty, they are there to guide and support us, to share our laughter and our tears. Their presence reminds us that we are never really alone.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: Adventure of the Creeping Man|Watson. Come at once if convenient. If inconvenient, come all the same.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|If you care about somebody, you should want them to be happy. Even if you wind up being left out.
Lois Wyse|A good friend is a connection to life - a tie to the past, a road to the future, the key to sanity in a totally insane world.
Nicole Richie|True friends are like diamonds – bright, beautiful, valuable, and always in style.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|When the two people who thus discover that they are on the same secret road are of different sexes, the friendship which arises between them will very easily pass – may pass in the first half hour – into erotic love. Indeed, unless they are physically repulsive to each other or unless one or both already loves elsewhere, it is almost certain to do so sooner or later. And conversely, erotic love may lead to Friendship between the lovers. But this, so far from obliterating the distinction between the two loves, puts it in a clearer light. If one who was first, in the deep and full sense, your Friend, is then gradually or suddenly revealed as also your lover you will certainly not want to share the Beloved’s erotic love with any third. But you will have no jealousy at all about sharing the Friendship. Nothing so enriches an erotic love as the discovery that the Beloved can deeply, truly and spontaneously enter into Friendship with the Friends you already had; to feel that not only are we two united by erotic love but we three or four or five are all travelers on the same quest, have all a common vision.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|But it does not seem that I can trust anyone,' said Frodo.Sam looked at him unhappily. 'It all depends on what you want,' put in Merry. 'You can trust us to stick with you through thick and thin--to the bitter end. And you can trust us to keep any secret of yours--closer than you keep it yourself. But you cannot trust us to let you face trouble alone, and go off without a word. We are your friends, Frodo.
Kahlil Gibran, The Collected Works|Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|We live, in fact, in a world starved for solitude, silence, and private: and therefore starved for meditation and true friendship.
T.S. Eliot, Murder in the Cathedral|Unreal friendship may turn to real But real friendship, once ended, cannot be mended
Jim Butcher, White Night|There is a primal reassurance in being touched, in knowing that someone else, someone close to you, wants to be touching you. There is a bone-deep security that goes with the brush of a human hand, a silent, reflex-level affirmation that someone is near, that someone cares.
W. Somerset Maugham|When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Friendship improves happiness, and abates misery, by doubling our joys, and dividing our grief
Waqar Ahmed|Friendship is delicate as a glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Skye kissed her forehead. "You saved my life."Katsa smiled. "You Lienid are very outward in your affection.""I'm going to name my firstborn child after you."Katsa laughed at that. "For the child's sake, wait for a girl. Or even better, wait until all your children are older and give my name to whichever is the most troublesome and obstinate."Skye burst into laughter and hugged her, and Katsa returned his embrace. And realized that quite without her intending it, her guarded heart had made another friend.
Mark Twain|It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you to the heart: the one to slander you and the other to get the news to you.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Was I ever crazy? Maybe. Or maybe life is… Crazy isn’t being broken or swallowing a dark secret. It’s you or me amplified. If you ever told a lie and enjoyed it. If you ever wished you could be a child forever. They were not perfect, but they were my friends.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Essays: First Series|When friendships are real, they are not glass threads or frost work, but the solidest things we can know.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|Don't be dismayed at good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Friends are a strange, volatile, contradictory, yet sticky phenomenon. They are made, crafted, shaped, molded, created by focused effort and intent. And yet, true friendship, once recognized, in its essence is effortless.Best friends are formed by time.Everyone is someone's friend, even when they think they are all 
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|Once upon a time they was two girls," I say. "one girl had black skin, one girl had white."Mae Mobley look up at me. She listening."Little colored girl say to little white girl, 'How come your skin be so pale?' White girl say, 'I don't know. How come your skin be so black? What you think that mean?'"But neither one a them little girls knew. So little white girl say, 'Well, let's see. You got hair, I got hair.'"I gives Mae Mobley a little tousle on her head."Little colored girl say 'I got a nose, you got a nose.'"I gives her little snout a tweak. She got to reach up and do the same to me."Little white girl say, 'I got toes, you got toes.' And I do the little thing with her toes, but she can't get to mine cause I got my white work shoes on."'So we's the same. Just a different color', say that little colored girl. The little white girl she agreed and they was friends. The End."Baby Girl just look at me. Law, that was a sorry story if I ever heard one. Wasn't even no plot to it. But Mae Mobley, she smile and say, "Tell it again.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|Don't flatter yourself that friendship authorizes you to say disagreeable things to your intimates. The nearer you come into relation with a person, the more necessary do tact and courtesy become. Except in cases of necessity, which are rare, leave your friend to learn unpleasant things from his enemies; they are ready enough to tell them.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Slays|Andrea raised her hand. “This is the hand that slapped Aunt B.”“Maybe you should have it gold-plated.”“Here, you can touch it, since you’re my best friend.
William James|We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Still, I wonder if we shall ever be put into songs or tales. We're in one, of course, but I mean: put into words, you know, told by the fireside, or read out of a great big book with red and black letters, years and years afterwards. And people will say: "Let's hear about Frodo and the Ring!" And they will say: "Yes, that's one of my favourite stories. Frodo was very brave, wasn't he, dad?" "Yes, my boy, the famousest of the hobbits, and that's saying a lot."'It's saying a lot too much,' said Frodo, and he laughed, a long clear laugh from his heart. Such a sound had not been heard in those places since Sauron came to Middle-earth. To Sam suddenly it seemed as if all the stones were listening and the tall rocks leaning over them. But Frodo did not heed them; he laughed again. 'Why, Sam,' he said, 'to hear you somehow makes me as merry as if the story was already written. But you've left out one of the chief characters: Samwise the stouthearted. "I want to hear more about Sam, dad. Why didn't they put in more of his talk, dad? That's what I like, it makes me laugh. And Frodo wouldn't have got far without Sam, would he, dad?"''Now, Mr. Frodo,' said Sam, 'you shouldn't make fun. I was serious.''So was I,' said Frodo, 'and so I am.
Brian Andreas, Traveling Light: Stories & Drawings for a Quiet Mind|You may not remember the time you let me go first. Or the time you dropped back to tell me it wasn't that far to go. Or the time you waited at the crossroads for me to catch up. You may not remember any of those, but I do and this is what I have to say to you: Today, no matter what it takes, we ride home together.
Millie Huang|By chance we met, by choice we become friend
Kurt Cobain|I was tired of pretending that I was someone else just to get along with people, just for the sake of having friendships.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Oh, sometimes I think it is of no use to make friends. They only go out of your life after awhile and leave a hurt that is worse than the emptiness before they came.
Sarah Ockler, Fixing Delilah|In your entire life, you can probably count your true friends on one hand. Maybe even on one finger. Those are the friends you need to cherish, and I wouldn't trade one of them for a hundred of the other kind. I'd rather be completely alone than with a bunch of people who aren't real. People who are just passing time.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|Friends don’t spy; true friendship is about privacy, too.
Dean Koontz|Some people think only intellect counts: knowing how to solve problems, knowing how to get by, knowing how to identify an advantage and seize it. But the functions of intellect are insufficient without courage, love, friendship, compassion, and empathy.
Marian Anderson|Everyone has a gift for something, even if it is the gift of being a good friend.
Leo Buscaglia|A single rose can be my garden; a single friend, my world.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|For what is your friend that you should seek him with hours to kill? Seek him always with hours to live.For it is his to fill your need, but not your emptiness.And in th sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures.For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare,And he who has one enemy will meet him everywhere. 
Homer, The Odyssey|There is nothing more admirable than when two people who see eye to eye keep house as man and wife, confounding their enemies and delighting their friends.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|To think you could have been dreaming the cure for cancer," Blue said. "Look, Sargent," Ronan retorted, "I was gonna dream you some eye cream last night since clearly modern medicine's doing jack shit for you, but I nearly had my ass handed to me by a death snake from the fourth circle of dream hell, so you're welcome."Blue was appropriately touched. "Ah, thanks, man.""No problem, bro.
Stephen Cosgrove, Gnome from Nome|So when you're coldFrom the inside outAnd don't know what to do,Remember love and friendship, And warmth will come to you.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|She realized that Rowan saw each of those thoughts and more as he reached into his tunic and pulled out a dagger. Her dagger. He extended it to her, it's long blade gleaming as if he'd been secretly polishing and caring for it these months.And when she grasped the dagger, it's weight lighter than she remembered, Rowan looked into her eyes, into her very core of her, and said, 'Fireheart'.
Laura Pritchett, Sky Bridge|Because the difference between a friend and a real friend is that you and the real friend come from the same territory, of the same place deep inside you, and that means you see the world in the same kind of way. You know each other even before you do.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|Without friends, no one would want to live, even if he had all other goods.
C.J. Langenhoven|Friends should be like books, few, but hand-selected. 
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|People aren’t always what you want them to be. Sometimes they disappoint you or let you down, but you have to give them a chance first. You can’t just meet someone and expect them to be everything you’re looking for and then be angry when they’re not every hope and aspiration you projected onto them. It’s foolish to believe that someone will be what you imagine them to be. And sometimes, when you give them a chance, they turn out to be better than you imagined. Different, but better.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt, The Tiny Book of Tiny Stories, Vol. 1|The Sun is such a lonely star. Whenever he comes out to see his friends, they all disappear.
Sophocles, Oedipus Rex|To throw away an honest friend is, as it were, to throw your life away
Stephen Schwartz, Wicked: The Complete Book and Lyrics of the Broadway Musical|Like a comet pulled from orbit, As it passes a sun. Like a stream that meets a boulder, Halfway through the wood. Who can say if I've been changed for the better? But because I knew you, I have been changed for good It well may be, That we will never meet again, In this lifetime. So let me say before we part, So much of me, Is made of what I learned from you. You'll be with me, Like a handprint on my heart. And now whatever way our stories end, I know you have re-written mine, By being my friend... Like a ship blown from its mooring, By a wind off the sea. Like a seed dropped by a skybird, In a distant wood. Who can say if I've been changed for the better? But because I knew you, Because I knew you, I have been changed for good.
David Levithan, Love Is the Higher Law|There's no way for them to take away my sadness, but they can make sure I am not empty of all the other feelings.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|A friend is more than a therapist or confessor, even though a friend can sometimes heal us and offer us God's forgiveness. A friend is that other person with whom we can share our solitude, our silence, and our prayer. A friend is that other person with whom we can look at a tree and say, "Isn't that beautiful," or sit on the beach and silently watch the sun disappear under the horizon. With a friend we don't have to say or do something special. With a friend we can be still and know that God is there with both of us.
John Green, Paper Towns|The way I figure it, everyone gets a miracle.
