Osho, Courage: The Joy of Living Dangerously|Love sharpens intelligence, fear dulls it. Who wants you to be intelligent? Not those who are in power. How can they want you to be intelligent?—because if you are intelligent you will start seeing the whole strategy, their games. They want you to be stupid and mediocre. They certainly want you to be efficient as far as work is concerned, but not intelligent; hence humanity lives at the lowest, at the minimum of its potential.
John Wyndham|We are explorers. We are at present, as far as we know, the only explorers of the universe. For a long time we thought that ours was the only planet that could support life. Then we found others that could – a few. For still longer we thought we were unique – the only intelligent form of life – a single, freakish pinpoint of reason in a vast, adventitious cosmos – utterly lonely in the horrid wastes of space.… Again we discovered we were mistaken…But intelligent life is rare… very rare indeed… the rarest thing in creation…But the most precious…For intelligent life is the only thing that gives meaning to the universe. It is a holy thing, to be fostered and treasured.Without it nothing begins, nothing ends, there can be nothing through all eternity but the mindless babblings of chaos…Therefore, the nurture of all intelligent forms is a sacred duty. Even the merest spark of reason must be fanned in the hope of a flame. Frustrated intelligence must have its bonds broken. Narrow-channelled intelligence must be given the power to widen out. High intelligence must be learned from. That is why I have stayed here.
Criss Jami, Healology|To be naive is to be unaware of how stupid and cruel other people are; but, by some definitions, ignorance is nearly the opposite of naivety in being a kind of cynicism, in being unaware of their intelligence and humanity. It seems to be a normal although unfortunate case that the great many of us consciously abhor ignorance in others yet subconsciously practice it ourselves: as naivety is apparent and well-known to inflict its damage upon oneself; whereas the alternative and the easier, ignorance, its damage upon others.
Edward O. Wilson, Letters to a Young Scientist|Very often ambition and entrepreneurial drive, in combination, beat brilliance.
Terry Pratchett|He was stupid, yes, in the particular way that very clever people can be stupid.
Stanisław Lem, The Futurological Congress: From the Memoirs of Ijon Tichy|Chapulier's Rule (the law of least resistance). If the machine is not too bright and incapable of reflection, it does whatever you tell it to do. But a smart machine will first consider which is more worth its while: to perform the given task or, instead, to figure some way out of it....The Great Mendacitor, for example, for nine years in charge of the Saturn meliorization project, did absolutely nothing on that planet, sending out piles of fake progress reports, invoices, requisition forms, and either bribed his supervisors or kept them in a state of electronic shock.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Enlightenment is not about attaining a ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.
Terry Pratchett|You wanted magic, watch". She put her hand into the struggling mass of insects and made a shrill faint piping noise in the back of her throat. There was a movement in the mass, and a large bee lander and flatter then the others crawled onto her hand. A few workers followed it stroking it and generally ministering to it."How did you do that" said Esk."Ahhh," said Granny, "wouldn't you like to know"."Yes I would that's why I asked Granny," said Esk severely."Do you think I used magic", Esk looked down at the queen bee, then up at the witch."No, I think you just know a lot about bees".Granny grinned, "Exactly correct, that's one form of magic of course"."What just knowing things"."Knowing things that other people don't know," said Granny
Debasish Mridha|Intelligence is an ability to understand, but it is not a substitute for wisdom.
Debasish Mridha|When superstitions enter the world of imagination, then intelligence and science become fiction.
Elle Kennedy, Body Check|Then there’s the intelligence that practically radiates from you. Did I ever tell you smart women seriously turn me on?” His thumbs began caressing her cheeks and he bent to whisper close to her ear. “You’re a walking contradiction, Hayden. Prim and proper one moment, wild and uninhibited the next. And the more I get to know you, the more I like what I find.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never be able to end any battle if the people involved are unable to see their own hypocrisy, or how their insecurity contributed to their problems. Wounded people often choose to play the victim, so they can restore their dignity in unhealthy ways. Sadly, they do this through feeling justified, by making bad choices or actions (that honestly no diety would want them to do). This inability to accept their part in their unhappiness keeps them from growing. They need your prayers more than your anger. Just walk away. Let it go and pray that one day they will understand your pain, as much as you do theirs. Remember: The sexiest woman alive is one that can walk away from a place that God doesn't want them to be. Do so with your head held high and forgive yourself and others. When you can do this, you will know what God's definition of class is-- YOU!
Drishti Bablani|Intelligence is Attractive,Kindness is Heart Melting,But a combination of the two is Irresistible.
Judd Apatow, Sick in the Head: Conversations About Life and Comedy|They say certain people aren’t good soldiers because if they’re in a foxhole all night—you know, if you’re creative and smart, you’re thinking about all the different ways someone is going to blow your head off. But if you’re not that smart, you’re just like chilling out. And I feel like that in life. I’m just in the foxhole all fucking day thinking about everything that’s going to go wrong in every possible way.
Criss Jami, Healology|Like all great things which then become fashions, science, as now the universal stamp of approval, probably receives more abuse than any other field of study. Glaze the word itself over whatever vague ideology one may presume ratified, no matter the degree of pseudo-science or lack of scholarly credibility packaged within, and the many will consume it like gravy on a feast. My thought for the time is that as the promise of true science increases, so shall rise its many more superficial counterparts as provided by the agenda-bound trendies and hyper-ambitious laypersons to boot.
Melinda Gebbie|I think, honestly, the film industry is eating up comics characters at such a fast pace, and spewing them out as so much unspeakable, stench-y, crap. I mean, I think people are going to get pretty sick of the comics product of superhero, per se. Super-heroism seems to be so visceral for these times. Nobody needs a big clunky guy to throw cars about. You know, we’ve got drunks in town here that can do that. We don’t need that kind of superhero. What we need is a super-sage. We need a genuine group of wise people. We need to become wise. That’s the job of tomorrow; becoming wise, and integrated, and understanding.
Agatha Christie, By the Pricking of My Thumbs|I've got a very nice staff here. People with patience, you know, and good temper, and not too brainy, because if you have people who are brainy, they are bound to be very impatient.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|An intelligent person has knowledge, but a wise person has experience with humility.
Rebecca McNutt|These days we have Smartphones, Smartcars, Smartboards, Smarteverything, but consider this: if technology is getting smarter, does that mean humans are getting dumber?
Diana Richardson, Tantric Sex for Men: Making Love a Meditation|If you can bring some light of intelligence into your sexuality, that light will transform it.
Michael Harris|terrorism is adamant. Fight against requires endurance, specific Counter-terrorism, Intelligence and swift operation
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|IQ's are a combination of eyes, and queues. Would you wait in line to see my goat show? Of course you wouldn't, because the line is invisible.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Only he qualifies to be an INDIVIDUAL, who has created an IMAGE for himself, in tune with his INTRINSIC NATURE, for majority only succumb to the human stupidity and perish!
Debasish Mridha|I don't desire to be intelligent, but I do desire to be loving and kind.
Shannon L. Alder|Learning to let go is not giving up! It is simply passing the burden to a better fighter, so you can fight another day. (God)
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|Lila was able to speak through writing; unlike me when I wrote, unlike Sarratore in his articles and poems, unlike even many writers I had read and was reading, she expressed herself in sentences that were well constructed, and without error, even though she had stopped going to school, but–further–she left no trace of effort, you weren't aware of the artifice of the written word. I read and I saw her, I heard her. The voice set in the writing overwhelmed me, enthralled me even more than when we talked face to face; it was completely cleansed of the dross of speech, of the confusion of the oral; it had the vivid orderliness that I imagined would belong to conversation if one were so fortunate as to be born from the head of Zeus and not from the Grecos, the Cerullos.
Criss Jami, Healology|Character that is fruit-producing can be summed up in the mastery of these 5 qualities: morals, but a sense of humor; love, but respect for criticism; intelligence without pretense; humility without self-loathing; and a mind open, but with solid convictions.
Mie Hansson|Everything is possible in America, except the production of intelligence.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|The nobles had made reading unpopular, as it showed that one couldn’t afford to buy spells or magical devices, since one had to get knowledge to do things the ordinary way; even if this view held little logic, the king himself was known to insult readers as “bookfaces” or “unable to think for themselves, so they need to spout what others have said,” and these opinions became popular, as did most views expressed by the king or his son.
Ramana Pemmaraju|A Man of wisdom is one who discusses everything other than his achievements, a Fool speaks only of his achievements
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Part of her exulted that he’d asked her, out of everyone in the coach, this question; he must think her intelligent. The rest of her, though, wanted to slap herself for disproving his thought. Here was her opportunity to have her fantasy of a deep philosophical conversation come true with Garth, and all she could say was well, not really. Idiot!
Chuck Klosterman|TV takes away our freedom to have whatever thoughts we want. So do photographs, movies, and the Internet. They provide us with more intellectual stimuli, but they construct a lower, harder ceiling.
Criss Jami, Healology|Science is knowledge meeting humility meeting curiosity: ever-evolving, always learning. Atheism is often but knowledge meeting arrogance: a masquerade under the wing of the beauty of science. Religion is infamously a weight under the one wing; then under the other is atheism, the championed masquerade.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|I simply love Drosera plants! Those tentacles, I love those tentacles...~ Aarush Kashyap
Kalifer Deil|On Intelligence:Intelligence will not make you rich unless your intelligence is about getting rich. Corollary: Intelligence will lead one to to appreciate things that cost money over things that make money. Corollary: Being a genius is antithetical to being successful unless you're a genius at being successful. Corollary: Being intelligent does not make you rich but it can keep you from being poor. Corollary: Intelligence leads to interests, mostly not gainful. Corollary: Intelligence is like molasses, with effort, it goes where you put it.Rubbers are best for those who refuse to use them. Corollary: Intelligence adds but stupidity multiplies. Corollary: Reverse evolution is the new norm.Only luck can save one from one's own stupidity.Only idiots regard a second chance the same as the first.The higher the IQ, the greater the chance of self-deception.Still waters are often shallow puddles.
Ramana Pemmaraju|When people write you off, just start again as if you don't belong to this world and see miracle happening!
Jack Chalker|An intelligent man [doesn’t] know everything, he simply [knows] how to look everything up quickly and efficiently." - Jack Chalker, Songs of the Dancing Gods
Md. Mujib Ullah|An intelligent person positively accepts criticism, repeatedly thinks before giving any statement, and is capable of motivating himself/herself to be successful in the terrible situations in the way of life journey.
Mark Helprin|But little else could deter Craig Binky, for he believed that everything about him was destined to be triumphal. Harry Penn was certain that in his nearly one hundred years he had never encountered a soul more intensely marinated in self-satisfaction. Craig Binky's pomposity was often relieved, for others, by what Harry Penn generously termed "Mr. Binky's somewhat inexact intelligence.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Man was bestowed with intelligence, only to gauge his foolishness!
Debasish Mridha|Be not proud of your intelligence. Be simple, wise, and humble.
Genereux Philip|The hardest part about walking away from someone is the part where you realize that, no matter how slowly you go, they will never run after you.
Criss Jami, Healology|The internet is where some people go to show their true intelligence; others, their hidden stupidity.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|Her quickness of mind was like a hiss, a dart, a lethal bite.
Genereux Philip|Fake is the new real,You gotta keep a lot a shit to yourself.
Genereux Philip|If an Artist falls in love with you, you will live forever.
Criss Jami, Healology|Rather than swallowing our pride and simply asking what we do not know, we choose to fill in the blanks ourselves and later become humbled. Wisdom was often, in its youth, proven foolish, and ones humiliated were meant to become wise.
Elon Musk|I think it’s important to reason from first principles rather than by analogy. The normal way we conduct our lives is we reason by analogy. [With analogy] we are doing this because it’s like something else that was done, or it is like what other people are doing. [With first principles] you boil things down to the most fundamental truths…and then reason up from there.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|They say that wisdom comes from suffering. This is not true. Wisdom comes from having unconditional empathy for all mankind. Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you. If you do not feel love for all mankind, nor see everyone around you as a valuable human and an extension of yourself, then you will never feel real empathy. And if you do not have empathy, then you will not gain, learn and remember valuable knowledge from your experiences, or those around you, so that you one day become wise. Yet most importantly, wisdom comes from having a good memory. If you do not remember anything, or are so disconnected from basic humanism to even care to dissect lessons to be gained from every experience in your life and from those around you - using simple reason and the juggling of feelings, then wisdom will forever remain a faraway planet to you.
Genereux Philip|If I was meant to be controlled, I would have come with a remote.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Most of us think that being authentic is about being true to what we want and who we are, without regard for the impact it has on others. On the contrary, the authentic self is an intelligence at the core of who we are that is inspired, centered, and connected to those we lead. When we are in this centered place of being we are able to choose behavior that serves the greatest good.
Iain M. Banks, The Player of Games|What, anyway, was he to say? That intelligence could surpass and excel the blind force of evolution, with its emphasis on mutation, struggle and death? That conscious cooperation was more efficient than feral competition?
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|[P]art of having a complicated mind was understanding its limits, understanding that it couldn't think of everything. Stupidity mistook itself for intelligence, whereas intelligence knew its own stupidity.
Frithjof Schuon, Light on the Ancient Worlds|In our day everyone wants to appear intelligent, one would prefer to be accused of crime than of naiveté if the accompanying risks could be avoided. But since intelligence cannot be drawn from the void, subterfuge are resorted to, one of the most prevalent being the mania for "demystification", which allows an air of intelligence to be conveyed at small cost, for all one need do is assert that the normal response to a particular phenomenon is "prejudiced" and that it is high time it was cleared of the "legends" surrounding it; if the ocean could be made out to be a pond or the Himalayas a hill, it would be done. Certain writers find it impossible to be content with taking note of the fact that a particular thing or person has a particular character or destiny, as everyone had done before them; they must always begin by remarking that "it has too often been said", and go on to declare that the reality is something quite different and has at last been discovered, and that up till now all the world has been "living a lie". This strategy is applied above all to things that are evident and universally known, it would doubtless be too naive to acknowledge in so many words that a lion is a carnivore and that he is not quite safe to meet.
Criss Jami, Healology|If Christians always seemed to be the most intelligent and the most righteous of men, I'd be a skeptic.
Genereux Philip|Bitch, if I ain't a G, I'm an OG
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|I outwitted those that deliberately suppressed me not by retaliating, but by minding my own business, continuing the self-discovery journey and reinventing myself.
Auliq Ice|THE GAP: Closed-Mindedness can create it, Narrow-Mindedness can widen it, Open-Mindedness can close it, Like-Mindedness… Will Bridge It!
Sally Fryer Dietz, When Kids Fly: Solutions for Children with Sensory Integration Challenges|There are many things we don’t understand, and many ways to unlock the brain and maximize function. Don’t ever let anybody tell you it can’t be done.
Hasse Jerner|Facts and science without the presence of wisdom and reason are worth a little less than nothing, while wisdom and reason without the presence of facts and science are worth far more than people without wisdom and reason are capable to expect.
Edgar Allan Poe, Eleonora|I AM come of a race noted for vigor of fancy and ardor of passion. Men have called me mad; but the question is not yet settled, whether madness is or is not the loftiest intelligence--whether much that is glorious--whether all that is profound--does not spring from disease of thought--from moods of mind exalted at the expense of the general intellect. They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night. In their gray visions they obtain glimpses of eternity, and thrill, in waking, to find that they have been upon the verge of the great secret. In snatches, they learn something of the wisdom which is of good, and more of the mere knowledge which is of evil. They penetrate, however, rudderless or compassless into the vast ocean of the "light ineffable", and again, like the adventures of the Nubian geographer, "agressi sunt mare tenebrarum, quid in eo esset exploraturi".We will say then, that I am mad.
Mark Frost, The Paladin Prophecy|It is not the ink and the paper that matter, but the hand that holds the pen.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Always praise your kid even if he/she is unresponsive to learning. By insulting them or constantly criticizing them, you will only push them away and make them feel inadequate around other kids. Have faith that your child's brain is an evolving planet that rotates at its own speed. It will naturally be attracted to or repel certain subjects. Be patient. Just as there are ugly ducklings that turn into beautiful swans, there are rebellious kids and slow learners that turn into serious innovators and hardcore intellectuals.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|Already, I seemed to feel my intellect deteriorating, my heart petrifying, my soul contracting; and Itrembled lest my very moral perceptions should become deadened, my distinctions of right and wrong confounded, and all my better faculties be sunk, at last, beneath the baneful influence of such a mode of life. The gross vapors of earth were gathering around me, and closing in upon my inward heaven; and thus it was that Mr. Weston rose at length upon me, appearing like the morning star in my horizon, to save me from the fear of utter darkness; and I rejoiced that I now had a subject for contemplation that was above me, not beneath.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|[O]ur percept is an elaborate computer model in the brain, constructed on the basis of information coming from [the environment], but transformed in the head into a form in which that information can be used. Wavelength differences in the light out there become coded as 'colour' differences in the computer model in the head. Shape and other attributes are encoded in the same kind of way, encoded into a form that is convenient to handle. The sensation of seeing is, for us, very different from the sensation of hearing, but this cannot be directly due to the physical differences between light and sound. Both light and sound are, after all, translated by the respective sense organs into the same kind of nerve impulses. It is impossible to tell, from the physical attributes of a nerve impulse, whether it is conveying information about light, about sound or about smell. The reason the sensation of seeing is so different from the sensation of hearing and the sensation of smelling is that the brain finds it convenient to use different kinds of internal model of the visual world, the world of sound and the world of smell. It is because we internally use our visual information and our sound information in different ways and for different purposes that the sensations of seeing and hearing are so different. It is not directly because of the physical differences between light and sound.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|[T]he form that an animal's subjective experience takes will be a property of the internal computer model. That model will be designed, in evolution, for its suitability for useful internal representation, irrespective of the physical stimuli that come to it from outside. Bats and we need the same kind of internal model for representing the position of objects in three-dimensional space. The fact that bats construct their internal model with the aid of echoes, while we construct ours with the aid of light, is irrelevant.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It was the smile of a man who is able to see, to know and to create the glory of existence. It was the mocking, challenging smile of a brilliant intelligence.
Genereux Philip|We didn't do anything illegal, All we ever did was be black.. #BlackLivesMatter
Amit Kalantri|To be a scholar study math, to be a smart study magic.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|A useful education served women best, More thought. To ‘learn how to grow old gracefully is perhaps one of the rarest and most valuable arts which can be taught to a woman.’ Yet, when beauty is all that is expected or desired in a woman, she is left with nothing in its absence. It ‘is a most severe trail for those women to be called to lay down beauty, who have nothing else to take up. It is for this sober season of life that education should lay up its rich resources,’ she argued.
Vishwanath S J|Intellectuality" silences OTHERS! "Intelligence" keeps YOU silent!
Genereux Philip|These Hoes Just Gon Fuck Who Ever Poppin , You Better Be Careful, When you fuck em' Raw!
Adelle Waldman, The Love Affairs of Nathaniel P.|His intelligence was just something he'd been born with. Luck of the draw, like being beautiful. It was a rationalization to say that he'd worked hard. It was like being given a fine knife and taking the trouble to polish and sharpen it: it's great that you make the effort, but someone had to give you the knife.
Kelley Armstrong, Omens|Take note, Anderson. Size and martial ability do not need to come with a correlating decrease in intelligence.
Simone Weil|Herein is a capital truth. It is not the natural capacity, the congenital gift, nor is it the effort, the will, the work, which in the intelligence as sway over the energy capable of making it fully efficacious. It is uniquely the desire, that is, the desire for beauty. This desire, given a certain degree of intensity and purity, is the same thing as genius. At all levels it is the same thing as attention. If this were understood, the whole conception of teaching would be quite other than it is. First, one would realize that the intelligence functions only in joy. Intelligence is perhaps even the only one of our faculties to which joy is indispensible. The absence of joy asphyxiates it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|All you need is a little hope in order cope in times of failure, and be able to try again with a better intelligence for excellence!
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant One: The Old Ideal|People, and boys the worst, are so much more intelligent than what comes out of their mouths.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|When, despite considerable intelligence, a thinker cannot think straight, it becomes very likely that he cannot face his thoughts.
Vishwanath S J|Your brain is an accelerating gravity free zone. While Intelligence leverages it, Intellectuality erodes it!
Lisa Lantieri|At best, IQ contributes about 20 percent to the factors that determine life success, which leaves 80 percent to other forces.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|Intelligence is not measured by how much you know, but by how much you have the capacity to learn.
Neal Stephenson, Seveneves|We're not hunter-gatherers anymore. We're all living like patients in the intensive care unit of a hospital. What keeps us alive isn't bravery, or athleticism, or any of those other skills that were valuable in a caveman society. It's our ability to master complex technological skills. It is our ability to be nerds. We need to breed nerds.
Criss Jami, Healology|I respect traditional people - they have the eyes which see value in the tarnished. This is a gift in itself. Tradition requires a wealth of discipline in order to be adhered to, hence it is rarely found in youth.
Criss Jami, Healology|You can never make someone like something they don't like, but you can always help them to better understand it.
Criss Jami, Healology|There is this common notion that people are shallow and ignorant until they go out and see the world. I, on the other hand, went out and in comparison realized I was in pretty good standing.
Jeff Lindsay, Dearly Devoted Dexter|There are still very few laws against thinking, although I am sure they're working hard on that in Washington.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Computation has finally demystified mentalistic terms. Beliefs are inscriptions in memory, desires are goal inscriptions, thinking is computation, perceptions are inscriptions triggered by sensors, trying is executing operations triggered by a goal.
Marcel Proust|Just is not by other men of intelligence that an intelligent an is afraid of being thought a fool, so it is not by the great gentleman but by boors and 'bounders' that a man of fashion is afraid of finding his social value underrated. Three-fourths of the mental ingenuity displayed, of the social falsehoods scattered broadcast ever since the world began by people whose importance they have served only to diminish, have been aimed at inferiors.
Criss Jami, Healology|So, how close are love and genius, really? We know that they are both mentioned far more than lived.
Criss Jami, Healology|You wander. You work nearly every job known to man, it seems, only to arrive at the wonderings of philosophy.
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|I've long suspected dogs of being much smarter than people; I was even certain they could speak, but there was only some kind of stubbornness in them. They're extraordinary politicians: they notice every human step.
Robert A. Heinlein|If God meant for people to fly, He would have given them brains.
Abdullah of Saudi Arabia|No matter how powerful, countries cannot rule the whole world. The world is ruled by brains, by justice, by morals and by fairness.
Daniel Keyes|But I've learned that intelligence alone doesn't mean a damned thing. Here in your university, intelligence, education, knowledge, have all become great idols. But I know now there's one thing you've all overlooked: intelligence and education that hasn't been tempered by human affection isn't worth a damn.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|…the traditional family structure that More supported in her writings enabled women to 'be intelligent, rational, virtuous, and noble creatures, capable of great intellectual and moral achievements. They had the potential for immense influence on their husbands and sons, on their relations, their servants, and the poor.' More held, therefore, … 'the ideal of rational domesticity helped to liberate the individual within a supportive family framework.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|Even in their reading, More charged, too many women were prone to superficiality. In search of a passing knowledge of books and authors, many read anthologies of excerpted works, that selected the brightest passages but left out deeper contexts—eighteenth-century Reader’s Digest were quite popular. More cautioned against a habit she viewed as cultivating a taste only for “delicious morsels,” one that spits out “every thing which is plain.” Good books, in contrast, require good readers: “In all well-written books, there is much that is good which is not dazzling; and these shallow critics should be taught, that it is for the embellishment of the more tame and uninteresting parts of his work, that the judicious poet commonly reserves those flowers, whose beauty is defaced when they are plucked from the garland into which he had so skillfully woven them.
Ramana Pemmaraju|For all who are amazed or annoyed by the diverse quotes, it is just a reflection how a human mind asynchronously changes the thought patterns, un-edited, raw and authentic!
Alison Gopnik|Asking questions is what brains were born to do, at least when we were young children. For young children, quite literally, seeking explanations is as deeply rooted a drive as seeking food or water.
Flavor Flav|I wear my Viking helmet because the horns define how sharp my brains are. If you try to rub me the wrong way, I will stick you with both of my horns.
Arthur Schopenhauer, On The Will In Nature|That the Negroes were enslaved more than other races, and on a large scale, is evidently a result of their being, in contrast to other races, inferior in intelligence - which, however, does not justify such slavery
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|And if she liked and trusted the person who asked, she would add that yes, it was kind of a lot to deal with: her outward affect was bright and capable, and that was no illusion, but equally real was the yawning pit of exhaustion inside her. She just felt so tired sometimes. And because of everything her parents asked of her, she was ashamed of being tired. She could not, would not let the pit swallow her up, as much as she sometimes wanted it to.
Jay Woodman|You are magnificent - a jewel reflecting inwardly and outwardly, the light of the universe. Observe how you respond to beauty everywhere - you bear witness to everything. Be aware that you, yourself, are an inextricable part of the infinite creative intelligence, and be blessed.
Criss Jami, Healology|Angels are good not simply because they see bad as bad, but also because they see bad as corny.
Noam Chomsky|Thinking is a human feature. Will AI someday really think? That's like asking if submarines swim. If you call it swimming then robots will think, yes.
Debasish Mridha|It is spring again, my heart is dancing with flowers with love and joy.
Debasish Mridha|Not the reality, but your thoughts define your destiny.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, learn to forget and forgive.
Debasish Mridha|Win hatred with love, enemies with friendship, and cruelty with kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Persistence with hope has infinite power, it can create new ways when there is no way.
Debasish Mridha|Hope has magic in it, it can create a door when there is none.
Debasish Mridha|Every moment is a moment of hope, moment of beauty, a moment of joy and it is our life.
Michael  Price|We've reached a point in human history where higher education no longer works. As a result of technology, higher education in its traditional college setting no longer works. It will never be effective or progressive enough to keep up with the growing needs of employers who look to college institutions for their future employees.I can appreciate the good intent the college system set out to achieve. For previous generations, the formula actually worked. Students enrolled into universities that were affordable, they gained marketable skills and they earned good jobs. Since there was a proven track record of success, parents instilled the value of college in their children thinking they would achieve the same success story they did, but unfortunately Wall Street was watching. Wall Street, the federal government and the college system ganged up and skyrocketed the cost of tuition to record highs. This was easy to do because not only did they have posters blanketing high schools showing kids what a loser they would be if they didn't go to college, they also had Mom and Dad at home telling them the same thing.This system - spending 4+ years pursuing a college education when the world is changing at the speed of light - no longer works and it's not fixable. We now have the biggest employer's market in human history, where employers have their pick of the litter, and because of this employees will get paid less and less and benefits will continue to erode.
Debasish Mridha|When you try to make others happy, happiness will follow you like your shadow forever.
Debasish Mridha|To avoid the pain of loss, give up attachment.
Richard Killeen, A Brief History of Ireland|Like a lot of stupid people, it took a great deal to get an idea into the king's head, but once there, there was no shifting it.
Unarine Ramaru|We can do away with ignorance, if we take it upon ourselves to encourage each other to use our intelligence.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|Needless to say, that meant that the Braekbills student body was quite the psychological menagerie. Carrying that much onboard cognitive processing power had a way of distorting your personality. And to actually want to work that hard, you had to be at least a little bit screwed up.
Debasish Mridha|The best place to find God is not in the temple, but your heart, where kindness and love reside.
Debasish Mridha|Be a thinker, be a dreamer, be a believer, be a doer, and, above all, be a kind lover.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to do great thing, but don't forget to do small things with great care and great love.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, smile with love like a flower.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to hurt anyone, you will not succeed because you can hurt only yourself.
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing ordinary in life because life itself is mystical, magical, and extraordinary.
Debasish Mridha|A man is wise not because of his intelligence, but because of his understanding and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|It is not that I am very intelligent, but I try to understand with love.
Debasish Mridha|The desire to win a war is expensive, but the desire to win with wisdom is wise.
Debasish Mridha|My writings are the window of my soul through which you can see me, feel me, and understand me.
Debasish Mridha|My writings are reflections of my momentary thoughts, imaginations, and love for you and life in this world as a whole.
Debasish Mridha|In the darkness, don't doubt, blame or cry. Be the light to enlighten the whole sky.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a strong seed, planted in my soul of kindness to grow the plants compassion and flowers of happiness.
Debasish Mridha|No one can steal your love, joy, and happiness without your permission.
Debasish Mridha|Live a life like a beautiful song, touch every heart with loving words and memorable music.
Debasish Mridha|On Easter day let us promise to resurrect, transcend, and transform our conscience for the happiness of mankind.
Debasish Mridha|We are never free when we imprison ourselves in the prison of our fixed, false beliefs.
Debasish Mridha|If life is a flower, then love is the beauty of that flower.
Debasish Mridha|Love gives us the perfect, pure, and sweetest joy of life.
Debasish Mridha|As sunlight is for flowers, so is love for life.
Debasish Mridha|Love is not an option, it is the only option.
Debasish Mridha|Love has no monetary value, but without love, life has no value.
Debasish Mridha|What you expect, it will happen.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the most likable, invisible fashion of life that you can wear with passion.
Debasish Mridha|When you see a person for the first time, you're not seeing him, but seeing yourself and your whole life in his mirror.
Debasish Mridha|Burning passion, definite purpose and joyful persistence are the defining force for true success.
Debasish Mridha|It's not true that we lose our creative genius when we grow older, but we grow older because we forget to use our creative genius.
Debasish Mridha|When we see things through our fixed, false beliefs, science becomes superstition.
Debasish Mridha|You're my story,you're my poetry,you're my floweryou're my deep driving desire.
Debasish Mridha|When you do things with the power of passion and power of love, you create destructive beauty.
Debasish Mridha|To expand our life, be loving and kind.
Debasish Mridha|The earth is my home, the journey is my destination.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing is more important than you,so don't fear or feel stress, whatever you do.
Debasish Mridha|Life is finite, so focus on your purpose and do what is important.
Debasish Mridha|Feel the joy and love anyway, stress will melt away.
Debasish Mridha|Concentrate on what is important, not what is urgent.
Debasish Mridha|Burn, burn, burn to become the light,to enlighten the whole world.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty of life, live in the moment, not in the past or future.
Debasish Mridha|The measure of your greatness is not by the narrowness of your beliefs, but by the broadness of your vision.
Debasish Mridha|Do more than expected, promise less than you can keep.
Debasish Mridha|Measure your life not by its duration, but by its contribution.
Debasish Mridha|Reduce the speed and intensity to reduce stress. A flower blooms slowly, in calmness, and in serenity.
Debasish Mridha|To know the world, know yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Enjoy the beauty of simplicity and slowness of life, let go of urgency, stress, and anxiety of life.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, be the cause of happiness for others.
Debasish Mridha|When your heart is dancing with love, you are with God, and that is your love.
Debasish Mridha|When stress is the disease, then forgiveness and laughter are the medicine.
Debasish Mridha|Everything you do, do with great love.Make it a song of your soul,and beauty of your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Urgency fills our life with stress and anxiety. but slowness, simplicity, and love fill our life with beauty and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, let go of the past and accept the beauty of change.
Debasish Mridha|If you play with dirt, no matter if you win or lose, either way you will get dirty.
Debasish Mridha|At a time when the joy of living is more painful than imagining the beauty of eternal life, we leave our life behind.
Debasish Mridha|If you're under stress, your life is complex. Simplify your life to reduce the stress.
Debasish Mridha|Oh, my beauty!Oh, my reflection of life!Oh, my unmet desires!I am longing for youtor now and forever!
Debasish Mridha|When you do things with love,it is a song of your heart.
Shannon L. Alder|Acquiring knowledge doesn't bring power into your life, until you apply what you have learned.
Debasish Mridha|Turn your heart into a temple of beauty and kindness.With tears of love, wash the world from hatred and sadness.
Mary Wollstonecraft|Let their faculties have room to unfold, and their virtues to gain strength, and then determine where the whole sex must stand in the intellectual scale.
Debasish Mridha|Soft moonlight touches my lips and cheeks,I feel your soul dance in my heart.Breeze of the Southern sea blows my hair,I feel your love touch my flowers of desire,In my garden roses dance with the kindness of air.I feel my soul wanting her bliss to share.
Debasish Mridha|You can listen to the secrets of lifein the silence of night,in the voice of the ocean,in the beating of your heart.Just listen with your soul.
Debasish Mridha|Where there is a strong desire and profound hope, there is a way.
Debasish Mridha|Everything humanity have achieved is achieved by dreams, desires, and actions.
Debasish Mridha|You're the way, you are the light. Let's go to illuminate the world.
Debasish Mridha|Every flower is telling you the secrets of life; to understand, you have to listen to them with your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Before you give up, let the hope shine again.
Debasish Mridha|Time will take everything away from life, so why are we not giving something away with time?
Debasish Mridha|Most of us are living in a prison of our fixed, false beliefs and never try to find the door to get out to see and feel the beauty of life, even when the door is wide open and welcoming.
Debasish Mridha|Only those who can see, feel, and use the power of love, can enjoy the beauty and ecstasy of life.
Debasish Mridha|When the moon kisses the stas in the silence with her lights of love, my heart dances with ecstasy and beauty of life.
Debasish Mridha|Love is my love, power, strength, wealth, and purpose.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is the reflection of a loving heart, not the quality of an object or subject.
Douglas Copeland|If you're being bombarded with information, the act of looking for patterns – not necessarily finding them – is what going to give you psychic refuge, a sense of sanctuary.
Debasish Mridha|Stress comes from fear of the unknown, so have faith and fear will disappear and stress will melt away.
Debasish Mridha|Confidence is good, but confidence with humility is far better.
Debasish Mridha|Your mind is the most powerful magnet. What you think, you attract.
Debasish Mridha|Let it be simple, let it be with love.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, be yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Let us love and respect each other as a friend, not stranger.
Debasish Mridha|Excellence is not a history, but a habit.
Debasish Mridha|A friend is he who can feel you, adore you, understand you, and never leave you.
Debasish Mridha|Forgive to be free, let go to grow like a tree.
Debasish Mridha|When you're there for others, you're ahead of everyone.
Debasish Mridha|The time is always right, just act.
Debasish Mridha|Before leaving the world, leave a profound positive mark of love upon the world.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to be really beautiful, adorn yourself with a smile.
Debasish Mridha|The more I love, the more I see the magic of love.
Debasish Mridha|You born with three obligations: to love, to live, and to be happy.
Debasish Mridha|To get rid of stress, be yourself and relax.
Debasish Mridha|Wisdom is better than knowledge, for wisdom is simple but knowledge is complex.
Debasish Mridha|He who loves, lives longer.
Debasish Mridha|Life is eternal and, at the same time, ephemeral.
Debasish Mridha|Let go of consistency, let go of certainty. Learn to live with the waves of change and uncertainty.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a bubble in the ocean of time. At the same time, it can hold all the water of the ocean in her heart.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness in your life is directly related to your ability to love, not your ability to earn.
Debasish Mridha|I never lose in any argument, because I always make sure that my opponent wins.
Debasish Mridha|When you are giving, your mind grows wings of joy to fly.
Debasish Mridha|You are the center of your universe, without you nothing is there.
Debasish Mridha|With love in the heart and kindness in the mind, nothing is impossible.
Debasish Mridha|Don't be a leader to dictate, but be a person whom everyone wants to emulate and follow.
Debasish Mridha|When fear is the disease, faith and confidences are the medicine.
Debasish Mridha|Smile reveals the beauty of heart, which is timeless and ageless.
Criss Jami, Healology|Let our information and social technologies raise awareness and not propaganda, build connections and not passive-aggression.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Intelligence is just one dimension of ability. Don't limit yourself to it. Open up to instinct, intuition, creativity and thus possibility
Debasish Mridha|Morning sunrise wakes me upwith rays of hope.Clouds of fear can hide the sunbut not for long.If rays of hope are strongand patience is a song,then hope will bloom andrain will bring a rainbow.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, the sunrise wakes me up with rays of hope.
Amit Kalantri|If my 'mind' don't mind, I don't mind.
Debasish Mridha|Let us emulate nature, let us bloom like a flower to fill the world with kindness, tolerance, tranquility, beauty and love.
Debasish Mridha|Always find a reason to dream, to hope, and to love.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|How do you know nonsense isn't a good thing? if human nonsense had been nurtured and developed for centuries, just as intelligence has, then perhaps something extraordinarily previous could have come from it.
Debasish Mridha|Be brave enough to listen to your heart, be bold enough to hope for the best.
Criss Jami, Healology|If you're not a smart worker, it's about how hard you work double the amount from the heart; if you're not a hard worker, it's about how smart you work but times two from the brain.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Despite 2000 years of evolution in modern times, we have still not managed to develop the intelligence to create a society that knows what love is. Our society is still not a civilization, it is still primitive and barbaric.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the desire to bloom, but faith believes and visualizes the bloom.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, go with love, but never leave hope behind.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Honest dishonesty. That’s quite the oxymoron – but I like the originality that you’ve brought to bear in the art of rationalization. Maybe you should consider becoming a lawyer,” he added jokingly.
Amit Kalantri|No matter how knowledgeable you are, respect your parents for their experience and your children for their curiosity.
Debasish Mridha|Be a butterfly and always look for kindness, softness and beauties.
Debasish Mridha|When we talk, we express our preconceived thoughts, when we listen, we learn and give birth to new thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|I wanted to live in your heart and in your dreams.I wanted to enjoy your love, laughter and screams.
Debasish Mridha|You're only limited by your thoughts. You're limitless, boundless, endless and edgeless.
Debasish Mridha|Feel the joy of life when you cry,when you smile, love or feel shy.
Debasish Mridha|We are here, not to be someone, but to live joyfully, blissfully and love everyone.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, you're the most loving child of this universe. Universe has to wait billions of years to get impregnated with you. You are the joy and creator of your universe.
Debasish Mridha|For success, focus has utmost importance, but distraction is disastrous.
Debasish Mridha|Our success depends on goal-oriented, focused actions, not on distractions.
Debasish Mridha|When you can't focus on one thing, you will be distracted by anything.
Debasish Mridha|Life is so short, no time to spare, so choose carefully, love intensely and live blissfully.
Debasish Mridha|To see the beauties, mysteries and magics of your existence look at it with intense love, child's wonder and joyful heart.
Debasish Mridha|Your anger is the fire which can burn the whole world, but forgiveness is the water which can extinguish the fire and bloom the flowers of peace and love.
Debasish Mridha|When you want to change the world, have you changed yourself lately?
Debasish Mridha|To be wise, know yourself.
Debasish Mridha|If you like to be immortal, live for others and die for others.
Debasish Mridha|I enjoy the healing music and touch of love, touching my heart and soul when I give it away.
Debasish Mridha|There are many roads,  there are many choices, but never forget to chose the road of peace and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|This earth is your home, so love it with your heart.
Debasish Mridha|As the sun has endless lights, endless power, endless warmth, so do you also have endless love with endless power and, even better, your power of love and capacity to give grows by giving.
Debasish Mridha|Light of my heart is my spirit through which I created my universe,and I see the beauty of my sun, my moon and my dazzling stars.
Debasish Mridha|Radiate your lights of love to enlighten the whole world, like the sun.
Krista Van Dolzer, The Sound of Life and Everything|Lots of folks know stuff we don't, but that doesn't make 'em smart.
Debasish Mridha|To transform this world into a better place to live, make yourself a better person first.
Debasish Mridha|The more loving, kind and simple we are, the more we resemble the God.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the magnetic and attracting force between you and meand the beauty,and the world and everything in it.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, pain and misery are transient and ephemeral but love has the healing power,which is eternal.
Debasish Mridha|When you're angry and the fire of revenge is burning your mind, that is the best time to practice calmness, forgiveneess, kindness and love
Debasish Mridha|To change the world, change yourself first.
Debasish Mridha|To be, is to be in love.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be awake and live every moment of our precious, loving, and spontaneous life.
Debasish Mridha|You are the loving child of this universe, she is always eager to help you, your joy is her happiness.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Before, they had laughed at me, despising me for my ignorance and dullness; now, they hated me for my knowledge and understanding. Why? What in God's name did they want of me?
Debasish Mridha|Love has no monetary value, but life has no value without love.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever I love you, I find myself more loving.
Debasish Mridha|Humanity suffers because most of us are living in our prison of fixed, false beliefs and we don't want to get out of it.
Debasish Mridha|t takes great courage to stand up against your fixed, false beliefs.
Debasish Mridha|Greatest gift that we can give is not a piece of diamond, but our unconditional love.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not an option, it is the only option.
Debasish Mridha|In the end, it doesn't matter how much you earned, but how much you gave away with love.
Debasish Mridha|Always be positive, enjoy the music of rain on a rainy day.
Debasish Mridha|It is interesting to find that those whom I like, they also like me.
Debasish Mridha|Anger and resentment are the cancer of our mind. To be cured, inject love in your heart and be kind.
Debasish Mridha|Value of life depends not on your possessions, but on your donation.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is the greatest love,it is the healing touch,it is the light of our soul,it is a message from the heart.
Debasish Mridha|We buy things, not with money, but with our precious life we call time.
Debasish Mridha|A person who thinks about "why" is a philosopher.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline|We do not have to have the correct answers to listen well. In fact, often the correct answers are a hindrance to listening well, for we become more anxious to give the correct answer than to hear.
Debasish Mridha|A great woman has three identities: a lovely daughter, a passionate lover, and a kind mother.
Debasish Mridha|Clean out your mind closet.Clean out resentment and hatred.Clean out regrets and secrets.Now fill it with love, joy and respect.
Debasish Mridha|Don't worry about people, just love them.
Debasish Mridha|Find what you love, now give all your heart to get it.
Debasish Mridha|For success, optimism is more important than opportunity.
Debasish Mridha|Like a flower, bloom with all your love and power.
Debasish Mridha|Be an example, be kind and be simple.
Debasish Mridha|True love never wants to get, just give. True love never can hurt because it always forgives.
Debasish Mridha|We came to this world with love and hope to bloom like a flower, to beautify this garden we call earth, and spread the fragrance of happiness.
Debasish Mridha|No matter what you're going through, have faith and have love.
Debasish Mridha|Either you will drive your life toward success, or life will drive you into the ditch.
Debasish Mridha|Life has no destination, it is a journey to see the beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Oh beloved, I want to live in your love,to feel the joy of life, to see the beauty of desires,to enjoy the song of heart,to dance with you, my love.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my love, pure and divine love,I want to drown in youand then get lost,to find myself again and again,as a symbol and source of love,pure, blissful and divine.
Debasish Mridha|Be loving but bold, be kind but not cold.
Debasish Mridha|We are like a drop of love, with crystal clear beauty, charm, joy and dance, like to vanish with the ocean of love to become the ocean
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, go with love.
Debasish Mridha|Do what is right, not what is important.
Chris Kurtz|Son, you never know who will step up with the brains and talent in a time of need and be the right one for the job.
Criss Jami, Healology|Be careful not to appear obsessively intellectual. When intelligence fills up, it overflows a parody.
Debasish Mridha|I have no wealth or splendors to give, but I have love and smiles to share.
Debasish Mridha|The window of opportunity is always open, just you have to find it.
Debasish Mridha|I love you as the moon loves the nightto show her charm, beauty and magic of light.
Debasish Mridha|The moon is very charming, alluring, attracting and magical, not because of its beauty, but because of its illusion and reflection of change.
Debasish Mridha|Like a bird, fly against the wind of opinions to reach your destination.
Debasish Mridha|You have a light in your heart and that is your love, it can shine like a sun to enlighten the whole world.
Debasish Mridha|Moon reveals it's beauty in darkness to illuminate the world with the light of love. When humanity suffers, let us be like the moon.
Debasish Mridha|Smile without reason, because you are the reason.
Debasish Mridha|The moon is the lighthouse of love, and as changing as a woman's mind.
Debasish Mridha|Be like the moon, give everyone your love and smiles.
Debasish Mridha|Smiles are the dance of our soul,with the music of love, to express the beauty of mind,for the happiness of spirit,and for the joy of the world.
Debasish Mridha|In life, if your song is wrong, find another song.
Criss Jami, Healology|If what you create seems to turn out much stranger than who you are as a person, it's probably because your heart is talking.
Debasish Mridha|Smile, just because you're alive and enjoying the magic of life.
Debasish Mridha|I am not here, I am somewhere else, my body is here but mind is in the sky
Debasish Mridha|Plan your life, keeping value of time in mind because time is your life and it is very limited.
Debasish Mridha|If you don't have a plan, you will never find enough time to finish a task.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, intensely focus on success oriented action not on roadblocks or obstacles.
Debasish Mridha|Life is all about focusing on the goal, not on the donut hole.
Debasish Mridha|I am not here, I am somewhere else, my body is here but mind is in the skyflying with the clouds, spreading her wings of imagination to find the rainbow of happiness and joy.
Debasish Mridha|Life is an adventure, you only win if you are bold and courageous.
Debasish Mridha|Be authentic, not a copycat.
Debasish Mridha|To expand life, love more; to get more from life, give more.
Debasish Mridha|When your sky is covered with the clouds of sadness, smile like the sun and paint your own rainbow.
Debasish Mridha|Endure the storm, but don't forget to enjoy the rainbow and the thunder.
Debasish Mridha|Be kind like a flower to fill the world with beauty, joy and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Belief is a shelter, so before believing, always find out the truth.
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing more uplifting than love, except love with kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Read,not to believe, contradict or complement, but to understand.
Debasish Mridha|When you will learn to recognize your true self, you will find the true beauty and the magic of life.
Debasish Mridha|Don't unzip your chest to show all your scars,hold it tight with love and let them bloom like flowers.
Debasish Mridha|To find love, joy and peace for the humanity, let us promise to build a peace loving and a kind family.
Debasish Mridha|Family is the garden of humanity where every flower grows with love and kindness, in search of beauty, purpose and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Every flower has a song in her heart, which we can never see.We only can see her external beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Before believing, find the truth; before accepting, try to understand.
Debasish Mridha|Think in a new way, think every day to find the truth.
Debasish Mridha|Try to understand, analyze and find the truth before believing.
Debasish Mridha|Every intention emits a power of attraction, which brings all the forces of universe to fulfill your dreams.
Debasish Mridha|In our external world we create and attract with our beliefs, thoughts, emotions and perceptions.
Debasish Mridha|Law of attraction magnetically attracts what you think, what you feel, what you dream consciously and subconsciously in your life.
Debasish Mridha|What you believe, that is your truth, that you will attract and, for sure, that will manifest in your life.
Debasish Mridha|Belief is a shelter, a prison for a curious mind.
Debasish Mridha|You have the power within you to choose a life of love and beauty or choose a life of misery and destruction. What you chose, that you will attract and that you will manifest.
Debasish Mridha|In the morning, a cup of love, kindness and sunshine make my day bright and happy.
Debasish Mridha|Today, just for today, let someone live in your beauty of love.
Debasish Mridha|Let us decorate the world with the flowers of peace, love, and laughter.
Debasish Mridha|You are the light in the heart of the universe, to illuminate the world spread the light of your love.
Debasish Mridha|What you want to see, allow it and let it be.
Shannon L. Alder|We were meant to rescue each other, not cut down the forest to rescue one.
Debasish Mridha|A good friend loves you when the condition is better, a best friend holds your hand when you're in gutter.
Debasish Mridha|If you have no time to love everyone, then just love one, but don't forget to love.
Debasish Mridha|Think that today is the best day of your life and, with love and kindness, change yourself to begin the first day of the rest of your existing life.
Debasish Mridha|When you're calling for God, whom you are calling?When you trying to find the Godwhom you're looking for? When you're thinking about Godwhom you're thinking of?When you're praying for God,for whom are you praying for?You're calling for your true self.You're looking for your true self.You're thinking of your true selfand you're praying to you to reveal your true self.You're the truth, you're the God, you're eternal.
Debasish Mridha|Everyone has a button for sadness and a button for happiness, your condition depends on which one you push the most.
Debasish Mridha|The condition you're in at this moment is the product of your previous thoughts, to change your condition, change your thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|Never stop learning, when you stop learning, life stops.
Debasish Mridha|Life is not about destination, it is a journey of creation.
Debasish Mridha|Writing is my pleasure and the play,where I find myself again and again.
Debasish Mridha|Such as the sun,let us love everyone,now feel and behold,the dance of your spirit and joy of your soul.
Debasish Mridha|You are my cry, you're my tears, you're my joy, you're my heart and love, only I don't know who am I.
Debasish Mridha|Magnificent beauty of nature inviting you to long for her, to love her, and then purify your heart and mind with the illuminating beauty of nature.
Debasish Mridha|Trust everyone and love everyone, you will never lose.
Debasish Mridha|You don't have to be perfect, just be loving and compassionate.
Debasish Mridha|Let us play the flute of love to spread the music of peace, joy and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|In some way, everyone is your son or daughter, so without judging them, love everyone.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, find what you love and do it with all your heart.
Debasish Mridha|A good friend enjoys with you, a best friend cries with you.
Auliq Ice|The truth is humble, only those intelligent enough are able to seek and understand it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When your madness is creative and necessary, people will not notice the fact that you are crazy.
Debasish Mridha|Creativity comes from curious, intuitive, persistent action.
Debasish Mridha|An optimist sees a failure as an opportunity to excel, but a pessimist sees a failure as an opportunity to quit.
Debasish Mridha|Emulate nature; see! A flower creates it's beauty with openness, kindness, slowness and with harmony.
Debasish Mridha|What we dream repeatedly, we become.
Debasish Mridha|I am trying to get lost in me.To dream, to feel, to see, to be.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve greatness, feel grateful for what you have.
Debasish Mridha|For those who have a great attitude, their life fills with an abundance of beauty, which deserves gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|There are no opportunities, you and your life is an opportunity.
Debasish Mridha|Failure is not an option, winning or learning are the options.
Debasish Mridha|To find happiness, love is the only way.
Debasish Mridha|It is your life, so who should change it?
Debasish Mridha|Your purpose of life is not to find a job, but to find what you love and do it with all your heart.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve greatness, let us be helpful and grateful to others.
Debasish Mridha|Be gentle, kind and loving to yourself.
Luis Cosajay|Don't even listen to No body including your friends who tells you to Move On in life.  They often will have destroyed your Motivation causing an unexpected anxiety, and a severe brain stress until you give up. No matter how dead serious they are in order for you to understand them, reject their Anti-statement with the Power of your Assertion. They will foolishly halter your situation you had been encountering over the past year, when it all started from the beginning.Therefore, you MUST KEEP MOVING FORWARD.DO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO THAT NEEDS TO BE DONE.Train yourself to get strong so you can outsmart and surpass the famous people who came before you.That is the way of succeeding in life in order to prove to everyone you've overcome the Obstacles and your Anxiety.Keep moving forward always surpasses moving on.
Shannon L. Alder|Mental illness is not a fraternity or a social club for like minds. It is its own religion to each person that has it. Their mind is their pastor, their feelings are their scriptures and their delusions are their own bible story. To break them free, is to break their faith in signs. That is why so many feel lost.
Debasish Mridha|We are not in the world, the world is inside us.
Debasish Mridha|As a human being, we have unlimited power and unlimited abilities, we just have to look for it.
Debasish Mridha|Joy is a gift of life, so fill your life with joy and then give it away.
Debasish Mridha|Try to be the best even if you can't be the best, you will be among the betters.
Debasish Mridha|On the bank of an ocean, let your mind fly in the cloudless sky while your heart enjoys the love of the sun.
Debasish Mridha|The more you appreciate and celebrate life with joy, the more abundance will fill your life to enjoy.
Debasish Mridha|Let us fill our mind with kindness, heart with love, and life with joy.
Debasish Mridha|Celebrate life as it is, let it go to find out what it could be.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is an inner perception, not a defined destination.
Debasish Mridha|My only advice is to feel with joy, listen with your heart, be kind to all, be compassionate when needed, and love endlessly.
Debasish Mridha|Greatness never comes from having power, but it embraces you when you empower.
Debasish Mridha|To find out how much we can do or how far we can go, we have to challenge ourselves constantly.
Debasish Mridha|By giving, you get, if you don't give, don't expect.
Debasish Mridha|Life is not defined by what you achieve, but what you give.
Debasish Mridha|When you trust yourself, everyone around you will trust you, too.
Debasish Mridha|It doesn't matter how big you are, it matters how big your thoughts are.
Debasish Mridha|If you don't fear the failure, then failures are the best muscle builder.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to be great, see greatness in others and appreciate it with your whole heart.
Debasish Mridha|If your vision is great, you become great.
Debasish Mridha|Greatness is in simplicity and in kindness, like Mother Theresa.
Debasish Mridha|You achieve greatness, not by accumulating wealth, but by becoming king, loving, forgiving, and simple.
Debasish Mridha|I am not rich, but I am wealthy and my wealth is my love.
Debasish Mridha|If you have a definite purpose, if you have a driving desire to achieve it and if you go with passion, then don't wait for success because you are already a success.
Debasish Mridha|We become great, not by changing the world, but by loving the world and changing ourselves.
Debasish Mridha|For success, focus on your goal, not an obstacle.
Debasish Mridha|For success, be focused, be goal oriented, and be persistent.
Debasish Mridha|If you are doing what you love to do and on the way helping the humanity, then you are a success.
Debasish Mridha|Success is the byproduct of desires, purpose-oriented actions, and persistence.
Debasish Mridha|For success, have a laser-like, purpose-oriented focus, and persistently go toward it.
Debasish Mridha|With great vision, strong determination, and persistent action, everyone is capable of achieving greatness.
Debasish Mridha|The measure of greatness is in humility, simplicity, and in kindness.
Debasish Mridha|This moment will never ever come back, so create a memory and hold it tight.
Debasish Mridha|A journey of a lifetime is measured by memories, not by time.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you travel to see beauty, you find yourself and your reflection again and again.
Debasish Mridha|Enjoy the moment, this is all we have at this moment. This moment is our life.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to be wise, learn wisdom from nature.
Debasish Mridha|For a happy life, be kind and loving and be the source of happiness for others.
Debasish Mridha|For a peaceful life, always think of peace and forget to judge others.
Debasish Mridha|You are the vessels of endless love. Your little, soft and melting heart is always carrying it for you and all, endlessly.
Debasish Mridha|You are my light! In my mind, in my heart, and in my eyes. If you're not, then how can I see you?
Debasish Mridha|When you're looking for me, I am hiding in your heart, just find me with your light.
Debasish Mridha|You may not always change your situation but you can always change your perception. For better or worse, it will change the situation.
Debasish Mridha|Life has dazzling beauty. To see it, open the window of the mind and remove the curtain of conformity.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, for sure, you are everywhere.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a one-way journey to be enjoyed, so enjoy the beauty of the present moment with all your heart.
Debasish Mridha|When I am looking for you, then in silence, your every atom is longing for me.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a surprise waiting, every moment we are discovering that surprise.
Debasish Mridha|For a beautiful life, fill it with service and love.
Debasish Mridha|For an illuminated life, give yourself up for the service of others.
Debasish Mridha|A fool thinks he is always right, a wise person always doubts himself.
Debasish Mridha|For an immortal life, don't look for power, but be the source of power and inspiration for others.
Debasish Mridha|Life is not waiting for you. This moment is your life, so love it, live it, and enjoy it.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a drama of love, hopes, dreams, desires, and fears. To enjoy it, be bold to overcome fear.
Debasish Mridha|Like a flower, the magical softness of your voice touched my heart.
Debasish Mridha|As a physician, we heal by sharing our bestowed power of knowledge, love, and compassion.
Debasish Mridha|Have an enthusiastic mind and a soft, but sweet, heart.
Debasish Mridha|Every flower is a love of a dancing sun, ready to kindle your heart.
Debasish Mridha|When we share intelligence, wealth, or love, we grow.
Debasish Mridha|By sharing, we express our gratitude for abundance and create emptiness for receiving.
Debasish Mridha|Moments of love is life, a life is for moments of love.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be kind and pay our deepest gratitude to those angels who fill our life with joy, beauty, and magic.
Debasish Mridha|When the heart is torn and broken, only love and kindness can mend it.
Debasish Mridha|Life itself is the most precious gift to me, for that I am perpetually indebted.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be appreciative and grateful for the abundance, beauty, experience, and bliss of life.
Debasish Mridha|Let us express our deepest gratitude for every moment that we spend in loving, laughing, and living out time that we call life.
Debasish Mridha|When gratitude begins, then life finds the abundance and suffering ends.
Debasish Mridha|I want to thank everyone and everything,every sunrise and every sunset,every abundance and every beauty,every tragedy and every triumph,every sadness and every happiness,every moment and every experiencethat we call life deserves my deepest gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|Not the comfort, but the confrontation and hardship, is the teacher of a great life.
Debasish Mridha|Never forget to see the beauty, even in ugliness.
Debasish Mridha|Leadership is going for right purpose, doing right things in a right way for a right reason, with a right vision in a right time.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to find a reason to be kind, just be kind, compassionate, and make a difference.
Debasish Mridha|Are deepest desires are: someone to understand us, someone to appreciate us, someone to inspire us, and someone to enjoy what we are.
Debasish Mridha|Everyone in this world is your kin, so be kind to everyone and rude to no one.
Debasish Mridha|Be kind to all and trust all. If you do so, only a few will break your trust.
Debasish Mridha|If you can't trust others, nobody will be able to trust you.
Debasish Mridha|When you find someone is crying and her life is torn, just be kind, extend your hand with love and be a best friend.
Debasish Mridha|Trust in humanity, she is only in her infancy, she will grow to be great and trustworthy.
Debasish Mridha|When we are truly aware of great abundance in our life, feel grateful and express gratitude for those treasures and beauty, then we are fully living.
Debasish Mridha|Let us celebrate every little beauty, every little kindness, joy, love, and happiness; and let us express our deepest gratitude for those moments of joy.
Debasish Mridha|Giving and receiving is the law of life. When we give with love and accept with deepest gratitude, our souls rejoice.
Debasish Mridha|To improve someone's life, don't reprimand but find the opportunity to appreciate and encourage.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to get more, appreciate and express heartfelt gratitude for what you have.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is an attribute of strength, it has boldness in it and the power of love.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is the universal language of pure love, so let us express ourselves with kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Like a flower, be soft, loving, kind, and beautiful, but never lose the courage to bloom.
Debasish Mridha|I am not pretty, I am not ugly,I am not true, I am not false, I am just me, a reality, a conception not a misinterpretation.
Debasish Mridha|Let us love each other, then appreciate each other, then express our gratitude to each other; we will create heaven on earth.
Debasish Mridha|Today is the best day with great possibilities and opportunities, so change yourself to start a new beginning.
Debasish Mridha|Gratitude is the expression of love for the earth and for the humanity, for the abundance of life and its untold beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Follow your heart, don't fear changes. Heart changes its content every second with love.
Debasish Mridha|If you do nothing, nothing will get done and nothing will change.
Debasish Mridha|Be bold, be a success, and change the world.
Debasish Mridha|Like Jesus, forgive those who are hurting you because they don't know what they are doing.
Debasish Mridha|When we give with love and joy, and accept with an open heart and deep gratitude, abundance fills our emptiness.
Debasish Mridha|Gratitude is the combination of appreciate, love, kindness, and compassion in a beautiful heart.
Debasish Mridha|Every moment, with every heartbeat, we change, but still we fear the change.
Auliq Ice|Knowledge inside us, is a gift that can never be returned.
Debasish Mridha|Desire is the key to motivation, but determination, commitment, and actions are the keys to success.
Debasish Mridha|Adversity could be an advantage in the future. To be a success, take the advantage of adversity whenever possible.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, follow your obsessions obsessively.
Debasish Mridha|Failure is our teacher, not the success.
Debasish Mridha|Success is not a destination, it is a journey. Failure is not permanent, it is transient. So continue your journey with intermittent roadblocks.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success, be happy today.
Debasish Mridha|Scars are the medals of success, not the glitters or the gold.
Debasish Mridha|How much others love you is not very important, but how much you love yourself will define your success.
Debasish Mridha|Scars are the awards of success, not the medals.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|He's an intelligent man, but it takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.
Debasish Mridha|Success is a process, but a failure is a forward step for success.
Debasish Mridha|You will succeed in everything you want to do, so start today with your heart and with your love.
Debasish Mridha|There is only one way to success and that is love. Love what you want to do, it will be done.
Debasish Mridha|My ego drives me nuts. It asks me to be competitive, creative, and smart.
Debasish Mridha|Be gentle, confident and action-oriented. Remember, your actions will make a difference.
Debasish Mridha|Believe that you are successful, dream it every day, soon you will find that you are successful.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you can dream and believe, you can achieve.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change the world, first change yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever your thoughts and beliefs can take you, you can go there.
Debasish Mridha|When there is no cure, give the hope and share the possibility. Shine the light of miracle in the darkness of impossibility.
Debasish Mridha|Act on the possibilities and opportunities in front of you. Your future will be bright and blissful, whatever you do.
Debasish Mridha|What I want, it is my ego’s demand. What I get, my ego is not satisfied with that.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, follow your love but not the process.
Debasish Mridha|Because of dreams, success is worth pursuing. Because of love, life is worth living.
Debasish Mridha|In life, be daring, look for adventure, provide the service and love the nature.
Debasish Mridha|When life presents you with a problem, show the courage, make yourself a hundred times bigger than the problem.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you expect, you will get. So expect success, not regret.
Debasish Mridha|When you see the world through your mind, you are very judgmental. See the world through your heart and be non-judgmental.
Debasish Mridha|Work like it is your passion, vision, and mission. Love like you are drunk with love without intermission.
Debasish Mridha|If you’ve got an idea, act on it up to its perfection.
Debasish Mridha|When you have the ability to dream, you have the capability to do.
Debasish Mridha|To gain something, be ready to give up something.
Debasish Mridha|You have to have courage to begin anything. Without courage and enthusiasm, there is nothing.
Debasish Mridha|Our spirit is universal, all powerful, and limitless. Why do we put societal boundaries around us? They are not boundless.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the fame, not the flesh, not the money. We want something else, something pretty.
Debasish Mridha|Virtue creates reputation, but action brings success.
Debasish Mridha|Commit to excellence, whatever you do. It will bring joy, happiness, and success for you.
Debasish Mridha|When you act with your heart, the universe conspires to help with your act.
Debasish Mridha|Failing to win is not important, but failing to participate is.
Debasish Mridha|I imagine, therefore I am.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to win, don’t just dream it. Act on it.
Debasish Mridha|I feel lucky for my upbringing and tremendous adversity, which made me so successful, now I like to devote my life to improve lives of others, who are facing adversity every day.
Debasish Mridha|When life presents you with a problem, have the courage, find the solution and become bigger than the problem.
Debasish Mridha|An innovator sees things not as they are, but as they could be.
Debasish Mridha|Look for the opportunity, not for the consistency.
Debasish Mridha|It takes many years to build good reputations, but it takes a few minutes for their destruction.
Debasish Mridha|If a pleasure lasts forever, it isn’t a pleasure anymore.
Debasish Mridha|As a rule, the human mind gets attached to possessions very firmly. They don’t want to lose anything. They hold on to the little possession and can’t see the big possibilities.
Debasish Mridha|When you change your thinking, you change the world.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is not the power; it is the potential power. Willing is not the action, but potential action.
Debasish Mridha|When you are beloved and happy, you are a great success.
Debasish Mridha|Give yourself wherever you can, whenever you can. You will have more to give and share again and again.
Debasish Mridha|Follow your passion; follow your bliss. No matter what, you will be a success.
Debasish Mridha|Anyone with great ambition, great vision, and great passion can be a great person.
Debasish Mridha|We fear no one knows our potential, ability, power, and talent. We fear to learn about our capability and capacity so we keep it latent.
Debasish Mridha|Express your feelings, no matter what. Make your every word beautiful, bright, and lovely. Make your every thought creative, caring, and lively.
Debasish Mridha|Walk through the past and learn the way. I am walking through the present, taking action every day. I am preparing for the future in a great way.
Debasish Mridha|Have you achieved your goal today? Fantastic! Set a goal for tomorrow, next month, next year, and years from now.
Debasish Mridha|Dreams are reality for the subconscious mind, but wisdom is the perception of knowledge. Wisdom is the internalization of knowledge.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is potential power, but wisdom is the readily available power of the mind.
Debasish Mridha|If you are not thinking differently, you are not exercising your freedom.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change anything or your surroundings, change your perception; it will change everything.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change the world, change your perception and awareness. The world will change.
Debasish Mridha|Peace does not mean an absence of violence or conflict, but it means how we respond to it, with violence or with love and understanding. Hate never can eradicate hate but love can do that.
Debasish Mridha|A hero is someone who enlightened your life, whom you can emulate and adhere.
Debasish Mridha|Create a goal and a purpose to live for, work for, and die for.
Debasish Mridha|Have the imagination, create the vision, go with passion, and take the action; you will achieve all of your goals.
Debasish Mridha|Did you fail? Try, try again. There is no gain without pain.
Debasish Mridha|Persistence creates genius; without persistence, there is no winner.
Debasish Mridha|Your thoughts, beliefs, and imagination create you.
Debasish Mridha|Give yourself to a great cause, not only your possessions.
Debasish Mridha|We have to change every day to survive, but we fear change the most.
Debasish Mridha|As you think, so you are.
Debasish Mridha|When confidence is there, conviction is easy.
Debasish Mridha|As is our enthusiasm, so is our ability.
Debasish Mridha|Your perception about the world creates your thoughts, your thoughts create your desires and intention, and your intentions manifest as your reality.
Debasish Mridha|Be an example, not an adviser.
Debasish Mridha|Success is defined, not by what you achieve in life, but by what you do for others without expectations.
Debasish Mridha|You are spiritual, blessed, and god-like when you have realized that God and all humans are alike.
Debasish Mridha|Religion was created for the goodness of the humanity, butreligious dogma converts a good person to an evil person.
Debasish Mridha|Opinion about religion might be different, but religion should be one and that is the well being of humanity.
Debasish Mridha|The purpose of religion is to enhance love, compassion, kindness, and care.It teaches us forgiveness, humility, tolerance, patience, and to share.
Debasish Mridha|Success is a way of life with the sense of connection, compassion, and expansion of human life.
Debasish Mridha|History will remember you for your accomplishments, not for your ability.
Debasish Mridha|The source of greatness lies in commitment, persistence, and perseverance.
Debasish Mridha|Success is a way of life, which progressively expands your joyfulness, happiness, and fulfillment.
Debasish Mridha|If you have enthusiasm, boldness, and confidence, you are already a success.
Debasish Mridha|You will find the peace, not by looking outside, but by changing your thoughts, feelings and perception inside.
Debasish Mridha|I am a little childI am the symbols of peaceI am the symbols of loveI am your future, just for youI will be hear for everI am your loveI am your hopeI am really the reflection of youSo just for me Save the peace, keep alive the hopeLight the lamp, whatever you do.
Debasish Mridha|Peace does not mean an absence of violence or conflict, but it means how we respond to it, with violence or with love and understanding. Hate never can eradicate hate but love can.
Debasish Mridha|I am the symbol of peace, I am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the soul of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Practice silence, practice patience, practice to love every existence, peace will be there.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is a fresh flower; when it's freshness and beauty touches heart,it will last forever.
Debasish Mridha|For a day, just for a dayWe should swim in the love bayWe should celebrate peace dayFor a whole day, just for a day. We should think peace all the dayWe should walk peaceful wayFor a day, just for a peaceful day.
Debasish Mridha|When someone hurts you, hates you, don't hate him, win him with love; you will find the peace.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not only the absence of violence, but the presence of love, kindness, compassion and harmony.
Debasish Mridha|You are born for service, service is love, service is joy, service brings endless peace and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to seethere is no you and me.You and me becoming we,in the world peace will be.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to see, not you and me, but only we, then there will be peace in this world.
Debasish Mridha|When you will create peace within yourself, world will be a peaceful place.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to use our love as a currency to buy the peace, peace will be there.
Debasish Mridha|If war, destruction and killings are the prerequisite to bring the peace, then I really don't want it.
Debasish Mridha|There will be peace in the world when we will learn to understand that there are no you and me, there is only we in this world.
Debasish Mridha|Faith and beliefs are the common things in all religion, so God is the faith and the belief without exception.
Debasish Mridha|Create your own god in your mind whom you can love, trust, and follow.
Debasish Mridha|If we can't solve the problem, resolve the difference, then embrace the diversity, bring the silence, time will solve the problem and peace will prevail.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not merely the absence of war or conflict but the presence of tranquility, harmony and love.
Debasish Mridha|Play the game of peace, not the war.Play, not with gun, but with laughter.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to live in harmony with nature,we will learn to live in peace with each other.
Debasish Mridha|For peace, look not outside but inside.
Debasish Mridha|Love is divine and peaceful but hate is devilish and dreadful. So love everyone without judging them, you will be in peace always.
Debasish Mridha|No mother ever wants a war, they want to see their children grow up in peace, surrounded by love.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to use the power of love to win the war, universal peace and happiness will be there.
Debasish Mridha|To win the peace, fight with your love and understanding.
Debasish Mridha|Even though human spirit always enjoys the peace, the human ego drives joy from war.
Debasish Mridha|Our spirit is always in peace but our ego is looking for war, so calm the ego and love the spirit forever.
Debasish Mridha|To promote peace, promote understanding. To promote understanding, promote love.
Debasish Mridha|Ego seeks the domination by war, but spirit seeks the peace through love.
Debasish Mridha|Cleverness is egocentric, dramatic, gives you an illusion of success. We are always running behind it and ultimately suffer. Whereas simplicity is spiritual, blissful, not dramatic, simple but joyful and gives inner peace. Which is our ultimate goal.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to emulate the peacefulness of a tree, love of a flower, the earth will be a garden of love and peace.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is a process of self-realization, a realization that peace resides inside us, in our inner calmness and tranquility.
Debasish Mridha|Peace means the way of finding the inner calmness, tranquility and joy, in the midst of conflicts and injustice.
Debasish Mridha|Until we learn to love everyone in this universe, how can there be peace?
Debasish Mridha|If peace is our ultimate goal, love should be our only weapon.
Debasish Mridha|Every human desires peace and happiness, but only a few have the goal to attain those.
Debasish Mridha|If we know that we all came from the same place and our destination is the same, then how could there be any conflicts? Why are we are loving each other and why we are not in peace?
Debasish Mridha|When you become the source of joy, when you become the source of peace, your world and world around you become joyful and peaceful. you become the symbol and messenger of joy and peace.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not out there and no one can really give you peace. Most often than not you are at war with yourself. To find the peace create the inner calmness, tranquility and practice self love.
Debasish Mridha|When your mind is tranquil, happy and peaceful, you will find peace everywhere.
Debasish Mridha|When you are in peace with you, you will find the peace everywhere you go.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is inner joy, tranquility, nonjudgmental love and universal compassion.
Debasish Mridha|Our job is not to find the peace or create peace, but to find and eliminate all the obstacles on the way to the peace.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, whatever you are doing, do something for peace.
Debasish Mridha|To find the peace, learn to trust.
Debasish Mridha|If we think about the world peace as much as we think about what to eat next time only for a month, peace will be there.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t look outside in the world or in wilderness to find the peace, look inside your heart, where it resides.
Debasish Mridha|For peace, living in harmony is essential.
Debasish Mridha|When you realize who you are and why you're here, then peace will be there.
Debasish Mridha|Until we learn to love each other, try to understand each other, and be compassionate to each other, peace will be an illusion.
Debasish Mridha|To find peace, find the love and understanding.
Debasish Mridha|If every one of us spreads the message of love, compassion, kindness and forgiveness, peace will be there.
Debasish Mridha|Displays of weapons will not be able to bring peace, only displays of love and understanding can do that.
Debasish Mridha|To bring peace in this world, you have to be peaceful with yourself.
Debasish Mridha|If we all want the peace and flooded the world with love, peace will wait for us at the shore.
Debasish Mridha|A little love, a little kindness,a little hope, a little joyfulness,a little tolerance, a little gratefulness,brings harmony and creates peacefulness.
Debasish Mridha|Let us find the way to the peaceLe us make peace, the way of lifeLet us sing the song of peaceLet us dance together with joy of lifeLet us feel and love each otherLet us share and bloom togetherLet us dare to care for who sufferLet us dream a peaceful earth forever.
Debasish Mridha|If we learn to love each other and care, enduring peace will fill the world to share.
Debasish Mridha|I would like to invite everyone for the Third World War, but fight the war with love, not with the gun, to win the world peace. We all will be a winner.
Debasish Mridha|We can bring peace in the world, not by eliminating violence in the world, but by finding the causes of violence and by preventing those from infecting the society.
Debasish Mridha|Focus on joy, not on hurt or fear.The earth will dance, peace to share.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is a beautiful flower of love, harmony and joyPeace is a dancing bird, a joyful smile of a poor boyPeace is a little child's innocent smile and loving kissFor a war torn mother, peace is a divine bliss.Peace starts with a heart that is caringPeace starts with a smile that is lovingPeace starts with power of love not with love of powerPeace starts with a desire to bloom like a flower.
Debasish Mridha|We can make peace in this landWe are courageous soldier of peace with Loving heart and caring hand.We can bring joy in this landWe are joyful, we are blissful With loving heart and caring hand.We can bring kindness in this landWe are hopeful, we are faithful With loving heart and caring hand.We can bring harmony in this landWe have different color and religionBut with loving heart and caring hand.
Debasish Mridha|To achieve peace, think of peace.
Debasish Mridha|People with evil ideas will think and do as they have learned, but those people with good ideas have the responsibility to show them the way of love, way of truth, and the way of peace.
Debasish Mridha|This universe is your home. So make your home peaceful by loving, caring and sharing.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not only the absence of war, but the presence of harmony.
Debasish Mridha|When there is harmony between thoughts and deeds, there is peace.
Debasish Mridha|Be an instrument of peace, not a preacher of hate.
Debasish Mridha|Peaceful is he who is living in the moment, but not in the past nor in the future.
Debasish Mridha|War never can bring peace; only understanding, love, kindness and compassion can do that.
Debasish Mridha|I hope some day we will learn to use the power of love, not the power of gun and world will see the universal peace.
Debasish Mridha|In this forest of humanity we hate each other more than we love each other. When we will learn to love each other, only then we will see the peace.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not the absence of war,but the presence of love and care.Peace is not the absence of agony,but the presence of joy of harmony.Peace is not the absence of poverty,but the presence of love for beauty.Peace is not the absence of intolerance.  Peace is a way of life with joy of tolerance.
Debasish Mridha|Focus on peace not on war.Love, live, share and care.
Debasish Mridha|Focus on peace not on war.Love, live, share and care. Focus on kindness not on hate.Bliss will flow to open the gate.Focus on joy, not on hurt or fear.The earth will dance, peace to share.
Debasish Mridha|I am the humanity, I am the symbols of peace.I am the symbol of peace, I am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the sole of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Violence never can wipe out violence, only a caring heart with love can do that.
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing better than love, kindness and forgiveness to create enduring peace.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is inside us, it's a natural state of mind;to find it, we create war, destroy the world like a blind.
Debasish Mridha|Love the peace not the war,love the humanity and take care.
Debasish Mridha|If all of us make peace as a purpose of our life, how could there be war?
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not a place or destination but a perception.Peace is not in wealth or splendorBut in conviction.Peace is in friendship, love and unity.Peace is in care, tranquility and serenity. Peace is in compliment, appreciation and forgiveness. Peace is the source of smile, joy and happiness.
Debasish Mridha|The more you will able to trust yourself, the more joy and peace you will able to experience.
Debasish Mridha|We always glorify war, but why? We have war memorials everywhere but I never saw a peace memorial yet. We teach our children war game. We let them play game which is not other than a legal war but we expect peace from them. How foolish that could be!
Debasish Mridha|Get addicted to peace, talk about it all day and may be all night. Drink it, live it and love it. It will change the world.
Debasish Mridha|I have a dream that one day this world will be very peaceful and people will fight, not with their weapons, but with their love.
Debasish Mridha|Black and white come together.Brown and blue come to gather.Boys and girls come with love.Straight and gay come as a dove.Jewish and Muslim, open your mind.Christian and Hindu, be very kind.Sikh and Buddist come with the sun.All children, let's have some fun.We are your children; we are the future.Let us love and trust each other.Let not the gun, let not the shored,But let peace and love win this world.
Debasish Mridha|Love others, not because they deserve your love, but because you want to win their heart to create enduring peace.
Debasish Mridha|We are the children of this community.We want love, friendship, and unity.We want peace, joy, and compassion.We love this world with great passion.This is our world; this is our sweet home.This world gives us love, light, and loam.This world is a great global community.We, the children, the future, want unity.We like to live here with truth, trust, and love.We like to fly here as a symbol of peace, a dove.
Debasish Mridha|To change the world, see the world through your heart, world will change along with your perception.
Debasish Mridha|How you accept a situation, is your choice and depends on your power of perception.
Debasish Mridha|Richness is not in wealth or earning capability, but it is in your perception.
Debasish Mridha|Events are transient, feelings are momentary, perception is optional and internalization is life long.
Debasish Mridha|To change yourself, change the perception and mindset.
Debasish Mridha|In the universe, nothing is either beautiful or ugly, but our perception and thinking makes it so.
Debasish Mridha|There is no good day or a bad day, but our perception makes it so.
Debasish Mridha|To create new reality, change the perception but not the reality.
Debasish Mridha|To change the reality, change the perception but not the reality.
Debasish Mridha|To see a thing as it is, we have to give up our preconceived perception about it.
Debasish Mridha|Our thoughts and perceptions are our god.Our true inner awareness is the purest temple,where I worship every day for the divine.
Debasish Mridha|To change reality, change your thoughts and perceptions.
Debasish Mridha|I bring peace in the world,When I am an example of peace.When I love without condition.When I am the symbol of justice.When I can see people without prejudice.When I plant trees with great love.When I love the nature and take care.When I see no difference between you and me.When I am the symbol of compassion, care, and love.
Debasish Mridha|We might have a different height and different color.But we all have parents, so we are brother and sister.We all have a different goal and a different vision.We all like to live in peace and that is our mission.We like to share our love and the world with each other.We like to live in harmony, trust, and peace forever.
Debasish Mridha|If you have a drop of violence or anger in your mind, it can ignite a candle and be the source of violence, so be kind.
Debasish Mridha|Don't talk, just listen, and feel with all your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t try to control yourself, just learn to monitor your thoughts.
Debasish Mridha|Reality is perceptual misinterpretation. To change reality, change your perception.
Debasish Mridha|In the darkest sky, stars hang on high; showing us the light of hope and telling us that dreams never die.
Debasish Mridha|To accomplish your mission, follow your passion.
Debasish Mridha|Imagine, then think, then desire, then dream, then act to achieve and it will be yours.
Debasish Mridha|In the darkest sky, stars hang on high; showing us the light of hope and telling us that dreams never die, don’t see the darkness, wait for the morning sun.
Debasish Mridha|A pessimist sees the darkness around the light, but an optimist looks for the light in the darkness.
Debasish Mridha|A simple thought can transform you forever. So cultivate beautiful thoughts, ugliness never.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is not the reflection of your image, but the reflection of the seer's inner vision.
Debasish Mridha|By creating problems for others you will never able solve your own problem. When you will try to solve your enemy’s problem, your problem will disappear.
Debasish Mridha|Let’s forget the past and keep in mind the future, but enjoy the present moment.
Debasish Mridha|Your future will be determined not by your education or bank account, but by your optimism and attitude.
Debasish Mridha|When you enjoy the little beauties in and around you, it costs you nothing.
Debasish Mridha|Most of our life we pass by waiting for tomorrow, but not living for today.
Debasish Mridha|Think your best thoughts every moment, every day. You will be the best person on the way.
Debasish Mridha|Celebrate every moment, every day. Celebrate every beauty, all the way.
Debasish Mridha|When I see the darkness and fight,I want to be the love and light.When I see the sadness and suffering,I want to bring happiness and caring.When I see ignorance and agony,I want to cure it as a great alchemy.When I see frustration and torment,I want to bring opportunities to invent.When I see violence and destruction,I want to win by love with great intention.
Debasish Mridha|You are the creator of your thoughts, thoughts create your actions, and actions create you.
Debasish Mridha|You cannot go back and start a brand new beginning, but today is a new day and you can start a brand new thing.
Debasish Mridha|In life, never talk about problems. Talk about solutions.
Debasish Mridha|Life is full of joy and beauty. Look around and notice it. Notice the little butterfly, a little baby with a smile, and the white rose in the garden. Notice a drop of dew on a green leaf in the morning sun. Touch the wind, smell the rain, and feel the joy. Live your life with beauty and joy.
Debasish Mridha|A flower is symbol of beauty for eyes, but music is the expression of beauty for ears.
Debasish Mridha|Every moment you lose your temper, you lose a moment of opportunity to love.
Debasish Mridha|I love you, that is important to me. You love me or not its your matter. Remember I can control only myself, not you at all.
Debasish Mridha|The first duty of a man is to love himself. When someone loves himself, he is loving the universe. This universe is existing because of you.
Debasish Mridha|The object of art is to enhance the beauty, imaginations and joy of life.
Debasish Mridha|Art is an expression of love, which you can see on the canvas.
Debasish Mridha|Music is the language of the soul, the voice of the heart, and a message from the eternity.
Debasish Mridha|Music is the language of the heart, the language of the soul, the language of nature and the language of the universe.
Debasish Mridha|Art is an imagination, projection, and reflection of the mind in a particular form that society can internalize and enjoy.
Debasish Mridha|Wonder at everything and ask, why?Love everything and wonder, why?
Debasish Mridha|In the darkness, be the light.
Debasish Mridha|Music expresses those thoughts and words, which have no form but have longing for love.
Debasish Mridha|It is painful those feelings of pain,but accept it with love to see the gain.
Debasish Mridha|Life is difficult, easy, and wonderful. As you think, it is as such.
Debasish Mridha|O my love! In this loveless world, you are my world.
Debasish Mridha|O thy! Thou made me infinite with infinite love.Not by finishing, but by transforming to infinite for infinite joy!
Debasish Mridha|In a very romantic moment,I want only love, not a comment.
Debasish Mridha|You're my world.In this loveless world, you’re my endless love.Love! In this world of sadness, you are my happiness.Love! In this world of sorrow, you're my source of joy.Love! In this world of pain, you're my vintage wine.Love! In the midst of ugliness, you're my beauty.Love! In the midst of deception, you are my trust.Love! In the midst of darkness, you're my guiding light.O my love! In this loveless world, you are my world.
Debasish Mridha|Imagine, dream, act, discover and wonder. Everyday is a new day to love and wonder.
Debasish Mridha|You're born with the power of love, why you are looking for power of destruction?
Debasish Mridha|If someone ridicules you, say to him, I love you.
Debasish Mridha|Question is not whom I am going to love, but question is whom I am going not to love.
Debasish Mridha|We should bloom like a flower without reservation or restriction, but with all our energy, power, and great love for this world.
Debasish Mridha|Some people say falling in love is the beginning of life, but some people says it is the end of theirs.
Debasish Mridha|My life is joyful and bright because of your loveLike the moon who borrows light from the sunBut I like those stars, they are moon's friend They never leave moon when they're done.My life is bright because of your loveLike the flower borrowing from the sunYou're the seer and I am the scenery Bring joy to universe, remains your fun.
Debasish Mridha|In this loveless world, you’re my endless love.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In this world of sadness, you are my happiness.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In this world of sorrow, you're my source of joy.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In this world of pain, you're my vintage wine.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In the midst of ugliness, you're my beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In the midst of deception, you are my trust.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In the midst of darkness, you're my guiding light.
Debasish Mridha|When you love and it hurt, love more and love without expectation.
Debasish Mridha|Be yourself, love yourself,be somebody then give yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Touch my heart, feel my love, don't look at me.
Debasish Mridha|When someone loves you, you are living in the most beautiful place in the earth, in the beauty of his or her mind. So enjoy it, even if it lasts for a moment.
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself, feel the joy of your soul and see the dance of your spirit, you are really living your life.
Debasish Mridha|Love everyone you meet, everyone will love you.
Debasish Mridha|When you have wings of love to fly,why do you sit in a prison and cry?
Debasish Mridha|Love, kindness, compassion and forgiveness are divine.
Debasish Mridha|Love for each other is always there.Open your heart, feel it, it will get better.
Debasish Mridha|When you will use the power of love to win the hearts and mind, you will be happy.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a heart's feeling, there is no understanding or judging.
Debasish Mridha|To strengthen the power of love, love those who do not deserve.
Debasish Mridha|On the way, see the beauty, find the love, and express the kindness.
Debasish Mridha|At the time of departure from this beautiful world, you will able to take only one asset with you, and that is the love you gave away and the love you have received.
Debasish Mridha|Where there is great love, there are always happiness and joy.
Debasish Mridha|If you lose the power to love, you lose the ability to live.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the stimulation for the creation. If there is no love, there is no humanity.
Debasish Mridha|When you give the love, you gain the heart.
Debasish Mridha|Don't feel so small and condemn yourself. You are the universe, so love and compliment yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Love and learn from everyone,but follow your heart,and your inner conviction.
Debasish Mridha|My strength is my power of love, my weakness is my kindness for those who suffers.
Debasish Mridha|Your heart has all the feelings, all the perception, and all the love that the universe ever had.
Debasish Mridha|I am not upset that you don't love me, I am very happy to know that you are still living in my heart, in my love.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the love, open your mind and expand your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Love is like fire, it can burn you, but it also can melt your heart to make you the most beautiful and beloved person.
Debasish Mridha|It takes courage, strength, and conviction to love someone deeply, persistently, and endlessly.
Debasish Mridha|When you are in love, reality becomes illusion and illusion become reality.
Debasish Mridha|Don't try to touch the love, it may burn, just try feel it with your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Love has power in it; it can melt any heart, if your love is true and divine.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing can cure the mind but the love, nothing can possess the love but the mind.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn to love unconditionally and deeply, you gain the power of love.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the love, feel through your heart, not through your mind, mind is judgmental but heart is kind.
Debasish Mridha|You love someone, not because of what they are, but because of how you feel about them.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a magnetic force, you can't see it, but it can pull you toward the beloved.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life has no meaning.
Debasish Mridha|When you learn the language of divine love, everything become divine, miraculous and lovely.
Debasish Mridha|When you love someone who hates you, that is the practice of divine love.
Debasish Mridha|When you can love your enemy unconditionally, that is the practice of divine love.
Debasish Mridha|Think of, at the moment of dying, is there will be any enemy for you? None! Everyone will be the best friend. So win all your enemies with your divine love when you are living.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone practices the power of their love, there will be happiness and no war.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone fights with the power of their love, there will be happiness, not the destruction or war.
Debasish Mridha|There is no perfect lover or perfect love, only longing for love and be beloved.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a divine and universal attraction, which hold the universe together and fills it with beauty, life, and happiness forever.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a longing to belong, to be beloved.
Debasish Mridha|Love everyone, love everything, love every moment, and become the love.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone empowers themselves with power of their love, there will be only happiness and no war.
Debasish Mridha|When you love, you change the world.You bring tranquility, harmony, and joy.You attract beauty of angel inside you.Your heart sings the song of love.When you love, lover is loving you.When you love, you change the worldYou bring tranquility, harmony and joyYou attract beauty of angel inside youYour heart sings the song of loveWhen you love lover is loving you.
Debasish Mridha|Your love is blissful, graceful, and divine. When it touches me, it burns me with joy to purify.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the only reality, everything else is secondary.
Debasish Mridha|It is better to lose and gain the love, than win and lose the love.
Debasish Mridha|When you seek love in every steps of life, love will seek you every moment of life.
Debasish Mridha|Love with your heart not with your mind, mind is judgmental but heart is kind.
Debasish Mridha|Love has only feelings, don't seek meanings.
Debasish Mridha|When you love, you change the world.You bring tranquility, harmony, and joy.You attract beauty of angel inside you.Your heart sings the song of love.
Debasish Mridha|When you love, lover is loving you.
Debasish Mridha|Love could be passionate, compassionate, and kind. Love could be physical, spiritual, or eternal.
Debasish Mridha|Love has only feelings, but no meanings.
Debasish Mridha|My love is for you life after life, for infinite time, my love is for you, forever.
Debasish Mridha|A true lover never fails, a failure never can love.
Debasish Mridha|I am the seeker of love, I am the giver of love, and I became the love.
Debasish Mridha|To love yourself, love others.
Debasish Mridha|Unconditional love is most beautiful in any culture, in any society.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to love but difficult to forget, so love every moment to create an enormous unforgettable memory.
Debasish Mridha|When you feel that you are loved, you feel the happiness.
Debasish Mridha|When you feel weak, energize yourself with the power of love, love everyone and everything, this world will be yours.
Debasish Mridha|Love with your heart, not with your mind, mind is judgmental, but heart is not.
Debasish Mridha|Love selflessly, give generously;everything and everyone will be yours.
Debasish Mridha|When we do things with love, we gain the knowledge and wisdom and do it better.
Debasish Mridha|True love comes from the heart, it is very simple and nonjudgmental.
Debasish Mridha|To nourish your soul, see the beauty of nature and feel the love.
Debasish Mridha|When someone uses the power of their love, they feel strong, courageous, and enthusiastic.
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself, you love everyone.
Debasish Mridha|When I am thinking of love or express love, I am happy, when I am happy, I have more power to love.
Debasish Mridha|Our heart is made by the love, for the love, and with the love.
Debasish Mridha|When you are loving someone, that someone is loving you, too. That is the universal law. No exception.
Debasish Mridha|Love is waiting for you, lifting her hand, open your heart and accept it.
Debasish Mridha|The more you love, the more you give, the more you get.
Debasish Mridha|My love is for you lives after life, for infinite time even though I will never get you, but my love for you is forever.
Debasish Mridha|In life, you achieve nirvana when you learn to love unconditionally.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change someone's life, just love him and be kind to him.
Debasish Mridha|You are the candle, love is the light, enlighten the mind, and heart with your empowering light.
Debasish Mridha|With love, nothing is impossible.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, warm that place and people with love and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you see the fear and sadness,be there the source of love and kindness.
Debasish Mridha|I have no right to judge anyone, but I have the right to love everyone.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the most powerful force on this world. You can't touch it but feel it. You can bind together the whole world with it, you can win the war with it. It is faster than light, sharper than laser knife. It is softer than puffer candy but can melt your heart.
Debasish Mridha|You are my love, you are my light, you are my blue sky, when I am vanishing in you only then I can fly.
Debasish Mridha|Love is my religion, love is my destiny.
Debasish Mridha|Love every one as you love your little daughter and son, because everybody is somebody's daughter and son.
Debasish Mridha|I love you not because you are perfect, but because I find you inside myself.
Debasish Mridha|Love is like a chill, it touches your heart, fills your mind, and makes you kind.
Debasish Mridha|A very beautiful day without love, kindness, and gratitude is a very wasted day.
Debasish Mridha|We need to win by the power of love, not by the destruction of war.
Debasish Mridha|If you truly love someone, he or she will never able to hurt you.
Debasish Mridha|Fall in love again and again.In life, love is the currency, spend it as much you can for an enormous gain.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing is impossible, nothing is risky, when you take the action with love, something better will happen.
Debasish Mridha|Live like the universe is your beloved home, love like everyone is your closest friend.
Debasish Mridha|Love is waiting for you lifting to hand, open your heart, and accept it.
Debasish Mridha|True love is very silent, very personal, very non-demanding, and nonjudgmental.
Debasish Mridha|Emerge yourself with love and live in the open.To not feel shy, forget about hell or heaven.
Debasish Mridha|True love is when you love someone without hesitation, without expectations, and without judgment.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, whenever you meet someone, enlighten every mind, brighten their life with love and kindness, it will make your world so delightful and so beautiful.
Debasish Mridha|Love and compassion are the creating and sustaining elements of humanity, without them humanity will be inhumane.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you can call your enemy and tell him that you truly love him with compassion, then you are practicing the power of true love.
Debasish Mridha|Take love and kindness with you, wherever you go.
Debasish Mridha|Everyone is longing for love, everyone is suffering from the needs and wants, so be loving, kind, and compassionate to everyone.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, whoever you are, I am touching you and feeling you, not with my hand, but with my feelings and love.
Debasish Mridha|If you love someone, unknowingly, you become beloved.
Debasish Mridha|I am hear to say I love you.I am hear to say I feel you.I am hear to say I care for you.I am hear to say, I really do.
Debasish Mridha|We like to forget and underestimate the power of love and kindness, more often than not, it can change a life and a society.
Debasish Mridha|Open your heartlike a beautiful flower,one petal at a time,love, compassion and kindness,to spread the beautyall around you and feel the joy.
Debasish Mridha|When you became the love, everyone around you becomes your lover.
Debasish Mridha|If you have love, it doesn’t matter what you don’t have.
Debasish Mridha|Every thought I have, everything I dois an expression of love to uplift you.
Debasish Mridha|Dear heart, love everyone and anyone. Please make me nonjudgmental.
Debasish Mridha|People can hate you or curse you, but if you love, then nothing can touch you.
Debasish Mridha|I don't care what you have done in the past or will do in the future, I will still love you forever.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, pursue your purpose with love and honesty.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you love everything around you, forgive the past, show the gratitude, feel the joy of life, because you are a miracle still alive.
Debasish Mridha|So much to love, so much to do.So much to care just for you.
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you find someone full of hate, purify him with forgiveness, bliss and love.
Debasish Mridha|Come, come everyone, come with love, come with joy, come to my heart, there is always spring, roses always smiling, soul is always singing with joy in the light of love. I am waiting, are you coming. My heart is always ready to dance, always ready to love, always ready with a song.
Debasish Mridha|Be loving, be caring
Debasish Mridha|If you are looking for love, you may not find it, but if you love every one for sure, they will return it.
Debasish Mridha|The mystery of death is a certainty, but mystery of love is everlasting.
Debasish Mridha|What we have deeply loved we can never lose, it remains in our heart for ever.
Debasish Mridha|When someone received immortal love, their life becomes eternal.
Debasish Mridha|When you are seeking love, from the distance, in silence, love is attracting you.
Debasish Mridha|Follow the feelings of your heart, you will find the love.
Debasish Mridha|When you see the fire of hate, spread the tranquility of your ocean of love.
Debasish Mridha|Love unconditionally, love endlessly, love blissfully.
Debasish Mridha|When you love someone, be sure that you will be loved in return.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the only asset, when you give it away you feel happy and when you receive it back you feel happy.
Debasish Mridha|In my heart, a live fireLike the morning sun Burning my mind, to purify the soulThat is my love. In my dream a burning desireLike the lights from a diamondMake my life ever precious That is my love. my mind an ever longingAs the moon longing for nightMake the night dreams of desireThat is my love.
Debasish Mridha|Let my heart feel the joy,see the beauty, all around me.Still it may be in pure agony.
Debasish Mridha|If you love someone ever,you can't forget her never. If you love someone ever,you can't hurt her never.If you truly love someone ever,she can't leave you never. She resides in your heart forever.You can't erase her from heart never.
Debasish Mridha|Oh! Let me love forever.Love is the joy and charm.Without beauty of love, life is a lifeless flower.
Debasish Mridha|Oh! let me love for ever. Let me die in love. Life is valueless dust if love touched you never.  Oh! Let me love forever. Let me dream in love. Without power of love, life is a waterless river. Oh! Let me love forever.Love is the joy and charm.Without beauty of love, life is a lifeless flower.
Debasish Mridha|In my heart, a live fireLike the morning sun Burning my mind, to purify the soulThat is my love.
Debasish Mridha|Living is more often than not, existing. I want to be alive, with love, joy, and be exciting.
Debasish Mridha|Oh thee! Lets ignite the fire of love in my heart to purify me. Let my heart feel the joy,see the beauty, all around me.Still it may be in pure agony.
Debasish Mridha|If love is an attraction, then love may be the first.If life is the source of all creation, then love might be the point of action. Let life and love live togetherLet's love win over life forever.
Debasish Mridha|Oh! Let me love forever. Let me dream in love. Without power of love, life is a waterless river.
Debasish Mridha|I don't care if you love me or not, but I care that I love you without any thought.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the music of the heart, which you can feel but can't hear.
Debasish Mridha|So much love to carry and share, but so little heart.
Debasish Mridha|This universe was created for the love, by the love, and with love.
Debasish Mridha|At the end, nothing will matter except the love that you gave away.
Debasish Mridha|When one heart feels the other and in harmony, love is there.
Debasish Mridha|I am the love.I am drowning in your love.I am drunk with your love.I am a dumb for your love.I am crazy about your love. I dream at night about love.I know that you're my love, but I forgot how to lovebecause I become the love.
Debasish Mridha|We came to this world with two wealths, love and hope, but, in the end, love is our only wealth.
Debasish Mridha|Love and take care of yourself because you are your best friend, and you have to live with yourself rest of the life.
Debasish Mridha|Love the person, not his position.
Debasish Mridha|What values do achievement, degrees, and diplomas have if you don't have wisdom and love?
Debasish Mridha|You are the light of love in darkness. I am longing for you, oh my love!
Debasish Mridha|Every human being begins and ends the same way, but how much they love the humanity distinguish him from others.
Debasish Mridha|Look for the love, you will find the beauty.
Debasish Mridha|Love those thoughts,those thoughts of love,those delights for heart,tickler of life, twinkles in eyes.
Debasish Mridha|When you see things through your heart, there is no right or wrong, true or false, only there is love to share.
Debasish Mridha|If you love everyone, you will not need to fight with enemy.
Debasish Mridha|When you are searching for love, love is standing just outside the door. Just open the door and welcome the love.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my love! You are the light of love in the darkness. I am longing for you, you are my flower and freshness.
Debasish Mridha|When you see everything with love,everything looks at you with love.
Debasish Mridha|To understand, you have to love, but to gain wisdom you have to understand with love.
Debasish Mridha|Oh, let me love with all my power all the way.Let me love like stars love the moon rest of my day.
Debasish Mridha|Love yourself because, when you love yourself, you're loving the source of being.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the innermost energy, innermost fire which wants to come out always and spread all over.
Debasish Mridha|Mind is judgmental but heart is not so love with heart, not with mind.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the ultimate Wonder lamp, anything you touch with love become gold.
Debasish Mridha|Get busy to love everyone, you will not have time or opportunity to fight with anyone.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a bright blue sky.You can live under it, but love couldn't hide.
Debasish Mridha|Those who love, never complain, but those who don't love, always complain.
Debasish Mridha|If someone hurts you, to take the revenge, love him.
Debasish Mridha|If you love everyone, how could you find an enemy?
Debasish Mridha|If anyone hurts you, love him; it is the greatest revenge.
Debasish Mridha|Feel the delights of love with the heart, not with the mind.
Debasish Mridha|When nobody loves you, love yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Give away all your love and become the love, and love never dies.
Debasish Mridha|Everything you do, do with love.
Debasish Mridha|By spending love, you increase the value of your life.
Debasish Mridha|Anything you do, do with love and enthusiasm.
Debasish Mridha|Your task is not to find the love, but to swim and dive in the love.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the language of the heart,which everyone understands.
Debasish Mridha|When I love, I feel endorphins rushing through, that is my joy.
Debasish Mridha|When you love someone, it's the most real thing in the universe.
Debasish Mridha|I was loving you, I am loving you and I will love you for the eternity. Love is eternal.
Debasish Mridha|There is only one truth, and that is love, all others are a byproduct.
Debasish Mridha|You only know there is love and you feel beloved when you share,when you're gasping for air.You only know you are living and every moment you were longing for air.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is so boring.
Debasish Mridha|Love is pure; love is eternal. Love is perfectly divine.You're my love; you're my joy.You're my valentine.Life is a present; life is a miracle. Life is a song divinewhen you touch my heart, hold my soul.Oh my pure valentine. Life is joyful; life is wonderful.Life is love's shrine.When you're my moon, I am your star. Oh my eternal valentine.
Debasish Mridha|In the end, nothing matters except love you gave away and love you have received.
Debasish Mridha|When you fill others lives with love and happiness,your life will be full with pleasant surprises.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the universe. Love is ageless, boundless, bodiless, boundary-less.Love is pure, perfect, precise, and precious.
Debasish Mridha|Love is ageless, boundless, bodiless, boundary-less.
Debasish Mridha|That's the thing about love, it secretly attracts and demands your attention.
Debasish Mridha|When you remove all of the barriers and open the window of your heart, love will eagerly enter through it with all its beauty.
Debasish Mridha|When you are looking for love, then love is spreading its net to catch you.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a present; life is a miracle. Life is a song divine.When you touch my heart, hold my soul.Oh my pure valentine.
Debasish Mridha|Life is joyful; life is wonderful.Life is love's shrine.When you're my moon, I am your star. Oh my eternal valentine.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a gift forever.You can't take it back, never.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is a barren field.
Debasish Mridha|Love yourself as much you can before loving others. If you don't have something, you can't give it to anyone.
Debasish Mridha|I believe in the power of love, not because I can see it, but because I see the world through it.
Debasish Mridha|That's the thing about love, you have to get lost to find someone you can trust.
Debasish Mridha|Love is pure, perfect, precise, and precious.
Debasish Mridha|Let us trust the power of love,and fly by spreading the wings of love.
Debasish Mridha|Let's love everyone without judging them, then we will find the heaven in earth.
Debasish Mridha|When someone loves you, you can feel it from a far distance.
Debasish Mridha|Love has no distance or barrier, it's instantaneous.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is unsustainable.
Debasish Mridha|You born to be happy, so love everyone like a happy puppy.
Debasish Mridha|It's never too late to love and live again. Without love in life, nothing to lose or gain.
Debasish Mridha|When you are seeking love, love is seeking you.
Debasish Mridha|Love has no monetary value, but it enhances the value of life.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to hate and blame, but it is divine to love and care.
Debasish Mridha|I love you, not because you are perfect, but because I created a place for you in my heart.
Debasish Mridha|Live every day,not by spending time,but by investing all the way.
Debasish Mridha|Value a day only by the love that you gave away. Live every day,not by spending time,but by investing all the way. Dream a daybright with kindnessand a deep compassionate ray. See a day,not with the open eyes,but with the open mind from far away.
Debasish Mridha|Only by spending and investing love you can get it back. You are adorned with unlimited love, so spend it as much as you can, as fast as you can.
Debasish Mridha|Something good about love: if you fall in it, you will not feel any pain.
Debasish Mridha|When you have nothing but love, then you're the richest person of the world.
Debasish Mridha|Those who love you, you are living in their love. Those who hate you, them, you have to love.
Debasish Mridha|See a day,not with the open eyes,but with the open mind from far away.
Debasish Mridha|Without any reason or expectation, love someone today and feel the joy of life.
Debasish Mridha|In this vast universe when I was getting lost, you made me infinite with infinite love.
Debasish Mridha|Every moment, every second, every hour and every day, be in love by becoming love. There is nothing else.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life will be a great mistake.
Debasish Mridha|What you give, you will get it back.So give love, just to not feel the lack.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, foolish or wise, important or unimportant, do with love and enthusiasm.
Debasish Mridha|Without love, life is worthless.
Debasish Mridha|To find the joy, ignite the light of love.
Debasish Mridha|If you love everyone without judging them, then you will never be able to find an enemy.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, do with love to be the success and to find the joy.
Debasish Mridha|I am the river of love, I am the flow of life.
Debasish Mridha|The greatest joy you can get is from giving, and the best thing that you can give is your love.
Debasish Mridha|I came to this world just to give love,just to fill the world with silent song of love,just to feel and share the power of love,just to sing the song of dedication to love.
Debasish Mridha|Think about love, work with love, give away and live with love.
Debasish Mridha|To live drown in love.To live like the dead, fear the love.
Debasish Mridha|O the divine, O my love, I don't want to seduce you with my wealth or splendor, but with my love and deepest gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|I know you lost your way, but remember love is the only freeway of life.
Debasish Mridha|You fulfill your hearts universal desire for love not by accumulating, but by giving.
Debasish Mridha|When you feel the deepest love for the universe, your spirit dances with joy.
Debasish Mridha|To live a worthy life, just love. Love is the essence of life and it makes the life worthwhile.
Debasish Mridha|Be compassionate, be kind and, above all, be loving.
Debasish Mridha|To live a worthy life, just love.
Debasish Mridha|Love all, trust all, and do good to all; you will not lose.
Debasish Mridha|Just love, just feel the love, longing for love, nothing else matters.
Debasish Mridha|Love anyone and everyone, don't fear for rejection. Love is an inner perception, there is only love, no place for rejection.
Debasish Mridha|Feel the love, be the love, to spread the love.
Debasish Mridha|I am in love, I became an angel; flowers bloom with my touch, birds comes to me and sing love song,air touches my cheeks to feel my love,leaves are dancing around me with the melody of love.Oh love, I am in love, I am the love.
Debasish Mridha|Focus your mind on love, peace and harmony.It will vanish fear, doubt and disharmony.
Debasish Mridha|Be vibrant, vital, vivacious, vigorous, and victorious with adventure and love.
Debasish Mridha|Love others, not because they deserve your love, but because the universe deserves peace.
Debasish Mridha|You find love, not by looking, but by giving away.
Debasish Mridha|When you're in love, life is a kiss.When you are in doubt life is amiss.
Debasish Mridha|You can overspend money but you never can over spend love, so spend it without any thought.
Debasish Mridha|It isn't important who is going to hurt me, but its important who is going to love me.
Debasish Mridha|Be helpful. When you see the darkness, be the light. When you feel the hatred, be the source of love. In the end love always win.
Debasish Mridha|Your value depends on how much love you gave away, not on how much money you have accumulated.
Debasish Mridha|Why you are searching for love all over the world,when inside you resides an endless ocean of love?
Debasish Mridha|Be a person who radiates love, compassion, kindness, tranquility, serenity, peace and joy to burn and purify everything around you.
Debasish Mridha|We are born to be loved, we live to be loved, and we die to be loved; so life is for love.
Debasish Mridha|Love never dies, it become the wealth of the universe when we die.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the magic ink, which transform everyday life into a poetry.
Debasish Mridha|One great thing about love, when you are in love, nothing else matters anymore.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a song, written in your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you are doing, do with love.
Debasish Mridha|Love is like gravity. You can't see it, touch it, or even feel it, but it surrounds you all the time. If love is not there you may not survive a day or a month.
Debasish Mridha|Love is a song, written in your heart.The moon is a poem in a starry night.
