Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|According to the current view, the maintenance of sound monetary conditions is only possible with a 'credit balance of payments'.The confutation of this and related objections is implicit in the Quantity Theory and in Gresham's Law. The Quantity Theory shows that money can never permanently flow abroad from a country in which only metallic money is used (the 'purely metallic currency' of the Currency Principle). The tightness in the domestic market called forth by the efflux of part of the stock of money reduces the prices of commodities, and so restricts importation and encourages exportation, until there is once more enough money at home. The precious metals which perform the function of money are distributed among individuals, and consequently among separate countries, according to the extent and intensity of the demand of each for money. State intervention to assure to the community the necessary quantity of money by regulating its international nlovements is supererogatory.
Ludwig von Mises, Theory and History: An Interpretation of Social and Economic Evolution|When a country has substituted credit money or fiat money for metallic money, because the legal equating of the over-issued paper and the metallic money sets in motion the mechanism described by Gresham's Law, it is often asserted that the balance of payments determines the rate of exchange. But this also is a quite inadequate explanation. The rate of exchange is determined by the purchasing power possessed by a unit of each kind of money.
Ludwig von Mises, Theory and History: An Interpretation of Social and Economic Evolution|One variety of the balance-of-payments theory attempts to distinguish between the importation of necessaries and the importation of articles that can be dispensed with. Necessaries, it is said, have to be bought whatever their price is, simply because they cannot be done without. Consequently there must be a continual depreciation in the currency of a country that is obliged to import necessaries from abroad and itself is able to export only relatively dispensable articles. To argue thus is to forget that the greater or less necessity or dispensability of individual goods is fully expressed in the intensity and extent of the demand for them in themarket,and thus in the amount of money which is paid for them. However strong the desire of the Austrians for foreign bread, meat, coal, or sugar, may be, they can only get these things if they are able to pay for them.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|It is not the poverty of individuals and the community, not indebtedness to foreign nations, not the unfavourableness of the conditions of production, that force up the rate of exchange, but inflation.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Speculation does not determine prices; it has to accept the prices that are determined in the market. I ts efforts are directed to correctly estimating future price-situations, and to acting accordingly. The influence of speculation cannot alter the average level of prices over a given period; what it can do is to diminish the gap between the highest and the lowest prices.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|It is true that the speculator may happen to go astray in his estimate of future prices. What is usually overlooked in considering this possibility is that under the given conditions it is far beyond the capacities of most people to foresee the future any more correctly. If this were not so, the opposing group of buyers or sellers would have got the upper hand in the market. The fact that the opinion accepted by the market has later proved to be false is lamented by nobody with more genuine sorrow than by the speculators who held it. They do not err of malice prepense; after all, their object is to make profits, not losses.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But even though questions of currency policy are never more than questions of the value of money, they are sometimes disguised so that their true nature is hidden from the uninitiated. Public opinion is dominated by erroneous views on the nature of money and its value, and misunderstood slogans have to take the place of clear and precise ideas. The fine and complicated mechanism of the money and credit system is wrapped in obscurity, the proceedings on the Stock Exchange are a mystery, the function and significance of the banks elude interpretation. So it is not surprising that the arguments brought forward in the conflict of the different interests often missed the point altogether. Counsel was darkened with cryptic phrases whose meaning was probably hidden even from those who uttered them. Americans spoke of 'the dollar of our fathers' and Austrians of 'our dear old gulden note'; silver, the money of the common man, was set up against gold, the money of the aristocracy. Many a tribune of the people, in many a passionate discourse, sounded the loud praises of silver, which, hidden in deep mines, lay awaiting the time when it should come forth into the light of day to ransom miserable humanity, languishing in its wretchedness.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|What is thus improperly regarded as profit, instead of as part of capital, is consumed by the entrepreneur or passed on either to the consumer in the form of price-reductions that would not otherwise have been made or to the labourer in the form of higher wages, and the government proceeds to tax it as income or profits. In any case, consumption of capital results from the fact that monetary depreciation falsifies capital accounting.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|If we disregard the exchange of present goods for future goods, and restrict our considerations for the time being to those cases in which the only exchanges are those between present goods and present money, we shall at once observe a fundamental difference between the effects of an isolated variation in a single commodity-price, emanating solely from the commodity side, and the effects of a variation in the exchange-ratio between money and other economic goods in general, emanating from the monetary side.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Where the currency depreciation is a result of government inflation carried out by the issue of notes, it is possible to avert its disastrous effect on economic calculation by conducting all bookkeeping in a stable money instead. But so far as the depreciation is a depreciation of gold, the world money, there is no such easy way out.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|When the price of coal falls because production has increased while demand has remained unaltered, then, for example, those retailers are involved who have taken supplies from the wholesale dealers at the old higher price but are now able to dispose of them only at the new and lower price. But this alone will not account for all the social changes brought about by the increase of production of coal. The increase in the supply of coal will have improved the economic position of the community.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Every separate economic agent maintains a stock of money that corresponds to the extent and intensity with which he is able to express his demand for it in the market. If the objective exchange-value of all the stocks of money in the world could be instantaneously and in equal proportion increased or decreased, if all at once the money-prices of all goods and services could rise or fall uniformly, the relative wealth of individual economic agents would not be affected. Subsequent monetary calculation would be in larger or smaller figures; that is all.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The supplementary quantity of gold that streams from it into commerce goes at first to the owners of the mine and then by turns to those who have dealings with them. If we schematically divide the whole community into four groups, the mine-owners, the producers of luxury goods, the remaining producers, and the agriculturalists, the first two groups will be able to enjoy the benefits resulting from the reduction in the value of money, the former of them to a greater extent than the latter. But even as soon as we' reach the third group, the situation is altered. The profit obtained by this group as a result of the increased demands of the first two will already be offset to some. extent by the rise in the prices of luxury goods which will have experienced the full effect of the depreciation by the time it begins to affect other goods. Finally, for the fourth group, the whole process will result in nothing but loss.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Let us now leave the example of the isolated State and turn our attention to the international movements that arise from a fall in the value of money due to an increase in its amount. Here, again, the process is the same. There is no increase in the available stock of goods; only its distribution is altered. The country in which the new mines are situated and the countries that deal directly with it have their position bettered by the fact that they are still able to buy commodities from other countries at the old lower prices at a time when depreciation at home has already occurred. Those countries that are the last to be reached by the new stream of money are those which must ultimately bear the cost of the increased welfare of the other countries.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Paper money in time of war, the new notes will first go into the pockets of the war contractors. 'As a result, these persons' demands for certain articles will increase and so also the price and the sale of these articles, but especially in so far as they are luxury articles. Thus the position of the producers of these articles will be improved, their demand for other commodities will also increase, and thus the increase of prices and sales will go on, distributing itself over a constantly augmented number of articles, until at last it has reached them all.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|As a rule, however, an increase in the value of money spreads only gradually. The first of those who have to content themselves with lower prices than before for the commodities they sell, while they still have to pay the old higher prices for the commodities they buy, are those who are injured by the increase in the value of money. Those, however, who are the last to have to reduce the prices of the commodities they sell, and have meanwhile been able to take advantage of the fall in the prices of other things, are those who profit by the change.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|THE economic consequences of fluctuations in the objective exchange-value of money have such important bearings on the life of the community and of the individual that as soon as the State had abandoned the attempt to exploit for fiscal ends its authority in monetary matters, and as soon as the large-scale development of the modern economic community had enabled the State to exert a decisive influence on the kind of money chosen by the market, it was an obvious step to think of attaining certain socio-political aims by influencing these consequences in a systematic manner. Modern currency policy is something essentially new; it differs fundamentally from earlier State activity in the monetary sphere.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But when States did debase the coinage, it was always from purely fiscal motives. The government needed financial help, that was all; it was not concerned with questions of currency policy.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|It has been proposed that monetary liabilities should be settled in terms of gold and not according to their nominal amount. If this proposal were adopted, for each mark that had been borrowed that sum would have to be repaid that could at the time of repayment buy the same weight of gold as one mark could at the time when the debt contract was entered into. The fact that such proposals are now put forward and meet with approval shows that etatism has already lost its hold on the monetary system and that inflationary policies are inevitably approaching their end. Even only a few years ago, such a proposal would either have been ridiculed or else branded as high treason.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The entrepreneur who is reckoning in terms of a currency with a stable value is unable to compete with the entrepreneur who is prepared to make a quasi-gift of part of his capital to his customers. In 1920 and 1921, Dutch traders who had sold commodities to Austria could buy them back again after a while much cheaper than they had originally sold them, because the Austrian traders completely failed to see that they were selling them for less than they had cost.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|If the State uses this power systematically in order to force the community to accept a particular sort of money whose employment it desires for reasons of monetary policy, then it is actually carrying through a measure of monetary policy. The States which completed the transition to a gold standard a generation ago, did so from motives of monetary policy. They gave up the silver standard or the credit-money standard because they recognized that the behaviour of the value of silver or of credit money was unsuited to the economic policy they were following.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Fiat-money! Let the State 'create' money, and make the poor rich, and free them from the bonds of the capitalists! How foolish to forego the opportunity of making everybody rich, and consequently happy, that the State's right to create money gives it! How wrong to forego it simply because this would run counter to the interests of the rich! How wicked of the economists to assert that it is not within the power of the State to create wealth by means of the printing press!- You statesmen want to build railways, and complain of the low state of the exchequer? Well, then, do not beg loans from the capitalists and anxiously calculate whether your railways will bring in enough to enable you to pay interest and amortization on your debt. Create money, and help yourselves.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Other inflationists realize very well that an increase in the quantity of money reduces the purchasing power of the monetary unit. But they endeavour to secure inflation none-the-less, because of its effect on the value of money; they want depreciation, because they want to favour debtors at the expense of creditors and because they want to encourage exportation and make importation difficult.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Depreciation of money can benefit debtors only when it is unforeseen. If inflationary measures and a reduction of the value of money are expected, then those who lend money will demand higher interest in order to compensate their probable loss of capital, and those who seek loans will be prepared to pay the higher interest because they have a prospect of gaining on capital account.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|A third group of inflationists do not deny that inflation involves serious disadvantages. Nevertheless, they think that there are higher and more important aims of economic policy than a sound monetary system. They hold that although inflation may be a great evil, yet it is not the greatest evil, and that the State might under certain circumstances find itself in a position where it would do well to oppose greater evils with the lesser evil of inflation.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|This was the argument put forward during the War when the expenditure on the army and navy had to be met; and this was the argument put forward in Germany and Austria after the War when a part of the population had to be provided with cheap food, the losses on the operation of the railways and other public undertakings met, and reparations payments made. The assistance of inflation is invoked whenever a government is unwilling to increase taxation or unable to raise a loan; that is the truth of the matter.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|A government always finds itself obliged to resort to inflationary measures when it cannot negotiate loans and dare not levy taxes, because it has reason to fear that it will forfeit approval of the policy it is following if it reveals too soon the financial and general economic consequences of that policy. Thus inflation becomes the most important psychological resource of any economic policy whose consequences have to be concealed; and so in this sense it can be called an instrument of unpopular, i.e. of anti-democratic, policy, since by misleading public opinion it makes possible the continued existence of a system of government that would have no hope of the consent of the people if the circumstances were clearly laid before them. That is the political function of inflation. It explains why inflation has always been an important resource of policies of war and revolution and why we also find it in the service of socialism.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Big variations in the value of money give rise to the danger that commerce will emancipate itself from the money which is subject to State influence and choose a special money of its own. But without matters going so far as this it is still possible for all the consequences of variations in the value of money to be eliminated if the individuals engaged in economic activity clearly recognize that the purchasing power of money is constantly sinking and act accordingly. If in all business transactions they allow for what the objective exchange-value of money will probably be in the future, then all the effects on credit and commerce are finished with. In proportion as the Germans began to reckon in terms of gold, so was further depreciation rendered incapable of altering the relationship between creditor and debtor or even of influencing trade. By going over to reckoning in terms of gold, the community freed itself from the inflationary policy of the government. Thus it checkmated this inflationary policy, and eventually even the government was obliged to acknowledge gold as a basis of reckoning.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Consistently and uninterruptedly continued inflation must eventually lead to collapse. The purchasing power of money will fall lower and lower, until it eventually disappears altogether. It is true that an endless process of depredation can be imagined. We can imagine the purchasing power of money getting continually lower without ever disappearing altogether, and prices getting continually higher without it ever becoming impossible to obtain commodities in exchange for notes. Eventually this would lead to a situation in which even retail transactions were in terms of millions and billions and even higher figures; bu t the monetary system itself would remain. But such an imaginary state of affairs is hardly within the bounds of possibility. In the long run, a money which continually fell in value would have no commercial utility. It could not be used as a standard of deferred payments. For all transactions in which commodities or services were not exchanged for cash, another medium would have to be sought. In fact, a money that is continually depreciating becomes useless even for cash transactions. Everybody attempts to minimize his cash reserves, which are a source of continual loss.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|It is the beginning of the 'demonetization' of the notes. The process is hastened by its panic-like character. It may be possible once, twice, perhaps even three or four times, to allay the fears of the public; but eventually the affair must run its course and then there is no longer any going back. Once the depreciation is proceeding so rapidly that sellers have to reckon with considerable losses even if they buy again as quickly as is possible, then the position of the currency is hopeless.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But it must be observed that as the depreciation of money proceeds, the demand for money (i.e. for the kind of money in question) gradually begins to fall. When loss of wealth is suffered in proportion to the length of time money is kept on hand, endeavours are made to reduce cash holdings as much as possible. N ow if every individual, even if his circumstances are otherwise unchanged, no longer wishes to maintain his cash holding at the same level as before the beginning of the inflation, the demand for money in the whole community, which can only be the sum of the individuals' demands, decreases too. There is also the additional fact that as commerce gradually-begins to use foreign money and actual gold in place of notes, individuals begin to hold part of their reserves in foreign money and in gold and no longer in notes.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The collapse of an inflation policy carried to its extreme -- as in the United States in 1781 and in France in 1796 -- does not destroy the monetary system, but only the credit money or fiat money of the State that has overestimated the effectiveness of its own policy. The collapse emancipates commerce from etatism and establishes metallic money again.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|We have already examined one of the objections that have been brought against the Quantity Theory; the objection that it only holds good ceteris paribus. No more tenable as an objection against the determinateness of our conclusions is reference to the possibility that an additional quantity of money may be hoarded. This argument has played a prominent role in the history of monetary theory; it was one of the sharpest weapons in the armoury of the opponents of the Quantity Theory. Among the arguments of the opponents of the Currency Theory it immediately follows the proposition relating to the elasticity of cash-economizing methods of payment, to which it also bears a close relation as far as its content is concerned.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The sums of money collected in hoards lie there idle, waiting for the moment when commerce needs them for maintaining the stability of the objective exchange-value of money; and all those sums of money, that might threaten this stability when the demand for money decreases, flow back out of circulation into these hoards to slumber quietly until they are called forth again. This tacitly assumes ll the fundamental correctness of the arguments of the Quantity Theory, but asserts that there is nevertheless a principle inherent in the economic system that always prevents the working out of the processes that the Quantity Theory describes.In the first place, it must be recognized that from the economic point of view there is no such thing as money lying idle. All money, whether in reserves or literally in circulation (i.e. in process of changing hands at the very moment under consideration), is devoted in exactly the same way to the performance of a monetary function. The stock of money of the community is the sum of the stocks of individuals; there is no such thing as errant money.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|What is called storing money is a way of using wealth. The uncertainty of the future makes it seem advisable to hold a larger or smaller part of one's possessions in a form that will facilitate a change from one way of using wealth to another, or transition from the ownership of one good to that of another, in order to preserve the opportunity of being able without difficulty to satisfy urgent demands that may possibly arise in the future for goods that will have to be obtained by way of exchange.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Economic history shows us a continual increase in the demand for money. The characteristic feature of the development of the demand for money is its intensification; the growth of division of labour and consequently of exchange transactions, which have constantly become more and more indirect and dependent on the use of money, have helped to bring this about, as well as the increase of population and prosperity.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The aim was to regulate the value of money by increasing or diminishing the quantity of it. The effects of these measures appeared to provide an inductive proof of the correctness of this superficial version of the Quantity Theory, and incidentally concealed the weaknesses of its logic.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|But here again it must be observed that this is a matter of a variation brought about through dynamic agencies. The static state, for which the contention attributed to the adherents of the mechanical version of the Quantity Theory would be valid, is disturbed by the fact that the exchange-ratios between individual commodities are necessarily modified. Under certain conditions, the technique of the market may have the effect of extending this modification to the exchange-ratio between money and other economic goods also.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Money is not indefinitely divisible. Even with the assistance of money-substitutes for expressing fractional sums that for technical reasons cannot conveniently be expressed in the actual monetary material (a method that has been brought to perfection in the modern system of token coinage), it seems entirely impossible to provide commerce with every desired fraction of the monetary unit.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The moneyprice of any commodity in any place, under the assumption of completely unrestricted exchange and disregarding the differences arising from the time taken in transit, must be the same as the price at any other place, augmented or diminished by the money-cost of transport.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|We can easily imagine a monetary organization which, by the exclusive use of notes or clearing-house methods, allows all transfers to be made with the instrumentality of sums of money that never change their position in space.If differences due to the geographical position of money are disregarded in this way, we get the following law for the exchange-ratio between money and other economic goods: every economic good, that is ready for consumption (in the sense in which that phrase is usually understood in commerce and technology), has a subjective use-value qua consumption good at the place where it is and qua production good at those places to which it may be brought for consumption.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Local differences in the prices of commodities whose natures are technologically identical are to be explained on the one hand by differences in the cost of preparing them for consumption (expenses of transport, cost of retailing etc.) and on the other hand by the physical and legal obstacles that restrict the mobility of commodities and human beings.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Hence, the statement that the cost of living is different in different localities only means that the same individual cannot secure the same degree of satisfaction from the same stock of goods in different places.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|To recapitulate: the exchange-ratio subsisting between commodities and money is everywhere the same. But men and their wants are not everywhere the same, and neither are commodities. Only if these distinctions are ignored is it possible to speak of local differences in the purchasing power of money or to say that living is dearer in one place than in another.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|It is true that there are important differences between that money which plays the chief part in domestic trade, is the instrument of most exchanges, predominates in the dealings between consumers and sellers of consumption goods, and in loan transactions, and is recognized by the law as legal tender, and that money which is employed in relatively few transactions, is hardly ever used by consumers in their purchases, does not function as an instrument of loan operations, and is not legal tender. In popular opinion, the former money only is domestic money, the latter foreign money. Although we cannot accept this if we do not want to close the way to an understanding of the problem that occupies us, we must nevertheless emphasize that it has great significance in other connexions.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|No individual and no nation need fear at any time to have less money than it needs. Government measures designed to regulate the international movement of money in order to ensure that the community shall have the amount it needs, are just as unnecessary and inappropriate as, say, intervention to ensure a sufficiency or corn or iron or the like. This argument dealt the Mercantilist Theory its death-blow.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Nevertheless statesmen are still greatly exercised by the problem of the international distribution of money. For hundreds of years, the Midas Theory, systematized by Mercantilism, has been the rule followed by governments in taking measures of commercial policy. In spite of Hume, Smith, and Ricardo, it still dominates men's minds more than would be expected. Phoenix-like, it rises again and again from its own ashes.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|There are two parts to the problem of measuring the objective exchange-value of money. First we have to obtain numerical demonstration of the fact of variations in the objective exchange-value of money; then the question must be decided whether it is possible to make a quantitative examination of the causes of particular price movements, with special reference to the question whether it would be possible to produce.So far as the first-named problem is concerned, it is self-evident that its solution must assume the existence of a good, or complex of goods, of unchanging objective exchange-value. The fact that such goods are inconceivable needs no further elucidation.If the one is proved to be soluble, then so also is the other; and proof of the insolubility of the one is also proof of the insolubility of the other.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|To measure is to determine the ratio of one quantity to another which is invariable or assumed to be invariable. Invariability in respect of the property to be measured, or at least the legitimacy of assuming such invariability, is a sine qua non of all measurement. Only when this assumption is admissible is it possible to determine the variations that are to be measured.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Under certain conditions, index numbers may do very useful service as an aid to investigation into the history and statistics of prices; for the extension of the theory of the nature and value of money they are unfortunately not very important.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|All index-number systems, so far as they are intended to have a greater significance for monetary theory than that of mere playing with figures, are based upon the idea of measuring the utility of a certain quantity of money. The object is to determine whether a gramme of gold is more or less useful to-day than it was at a certain time in the past. As far as objective use-value is concerned, such an investigation may perhaps yield results. We may assume the fiction, if we like, that, say, a loaf of bread is always of the same utility in the objective sense, always comprises the same food value. It is not necessary for us to enter at all into the question of whether this is permissible or not.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Even if index numbers cannot fulfill the demands that theory has to make, they can still, in spite of their fundamental shortcomings and the inexactness of the methods by which they are actually determined, perform useful workaday services for the politician. If we have no other aim in view than the comparison of points of time that lie close to one another, then the errors that are involved in every method of calculating numbers may be so far ignored as to allow us to draw certain rough conclusions from them. Thus, for example, it becomes possible to a certain extent to span the temporal gap that lies, in a period of variation in the value of money, between movements of Stock Exchange rates and movements of the purchasing power that is expressed in the prices of commodities.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|For hundreds, even thousands, of years, people completely failed to see that variations in the objective exchange-value of money could be induced by monetary factors. They tried to explain all variations of prices exclusively from the commodity side.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The jurist is totally unacquainted with the problem of the value of money; he knows nothing of fluctuations in its exchange-value. The naive popular belief in the stability of the value of money has been admitted, with all its obscurity, into the law, and no great historical cause of large and sudden variations in the value of money has ever provided.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|At one time, this gave rise to the question of whether the legal validity of the money was determined by the stamp of the ruler of the country or by the metal content of the coin; later, to the question of whether the command of the law or the free usage of business was to settle if the money was legal tender or not. The answer of public opinion, grounded on the principles of private property and the protection of acquired rights, ran the same in both cases: Prout quidque eontraetum est, ita et solvi debet; ut cum re eontraximus, re solvi debet, veluti cum mutuum dedimus, ut Tetro pecuniae tantundem solvi debeat.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|So far as variations in the objective exchange-value of money are foreseen, they influence the terms of credit transactions. If a future fall in the purchasing power of the monetary unit has to be reckoned with, lenders must be prepared for the fact that the sum of money which a debtor repays at the conclusion of the transaction will have a smaller purchasing power than the sum originally lent. Lenders, in fact, would do better not to lend at all, but to buy other goods with their money. The contrary is true for debtors. If they buy commodities with the money they have borrowed and sell them again after a time, they will retain a surplus over and above the sum that they have to pay back. The credit transaction results in a gain for them. Consequently it is not difficult to understand that, so long as continued depreciation is to be reckoned with, those who lend money demand higher rates of interest and those who borrow money are willing to pay the higher rates. If, on the other hand, it is expected that the value of money will increase, then the rate of interest will be lower than it would otherwise have been.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|When jurists and business men assert that the depreciation of money has a very great influence on all kinds of debt relations, that it makes all kinds of business more difficult, or even impossible, that it invariably leads to consequences that nobody desires and that everybody feels to be unjust, we naturally agree with them. In a social order that is entirely founded on the use of money and in which all accounting is done in terms of money, the destruction of the monetary system means nothing less than the destruction of the basis of all exchange. Nevertheless, this evil cannot be counteracted by ad hoc laws designed to remove the burden of the depreciation from single persons, or groups of persons, or classes of the community,
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I have not broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Somewhere, far down, there was an itch in his heart, but he made it a point not to scratch it. He was afraid of what might come leaking out.
Zayn Malik|This is for girls who have the tendency to stay up at night listening to music that reminds them of their current situation. Who hide their fears, hurt, pain and tears under the smiles, laughs and giggles on a daily basis. The girls who wear their heart on their sleeve. The girls who pray that things will work out just once and they'll be satisfied. The girls who sceam and cry to their pillows because everyone else fails to listen. The girls who have so many secrets but wont tell a soul. The girls who have mistakes and regrets as a daily moral. The girls that never win. The girls that stay up all night thinking about that one boy and hoping that he'll notice her one day. The girls who take life as it comes, to the girls who are hoping that it'll get better somewhere down the road. For the girls who love with all their heart although it always gets broken. To girls who think it's over. To real girls, to all girls: You're beautiful.
Raymond Carver|I could hear my heart beating. I could hear everyone's heart. I could hear the human noise we sat there making, not one of us moving, not even when the room went dark.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|Rhysand stared at me for long enough that I faced him."Be glad of your human heart, Feyre. Pity those who don't feel anything at all.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Every lover is, in his heart, a madman, and, in his head, a minstrel.
Charlie Sheen|The best way to not get your heart broken, is pretending you don't have one.
Kahlil Gibran, The Broken Wings|Solitude has soft, silky hands, but with strong fingers it grasps the heart and makes it ache with sorrow.
Gustave Flaubert|Are the days of winter sunshine just as sad for you, too? When it is misty, in the evenings, and I am out walking by myself, it seems to me that the rain is falling through my heart and causing it to crumble into ruins.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|The Lord is my strength and my shield; my heart trusts in him, and I am helped. My heart leaps for joy and I will give thanks to him in song. (Psalm 28:7 NIV)
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|A torn jacket is soon mended, but hard words bruise the heart of a child.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The more often he feels without acting, the less he will be able ever to act, and, in the long run, the less he will be able to feel.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Gradually it was disclosed to me that the line separating good and evil passes not through states, nor between classes, nor between political parties either -- but right through every human heart -- and through all human hearts. This line shifts. Inside us, it oscillates with the years. And even within hearts overwhelmed by evil, one small bridgehead of good is retained. And even in the best of all hearts, there remains ... an unuprooted small corner of 
Benjamin Franklin|The heart of a fool is in his mouth, but the mouth of a wise man is in his heart.
Gabrielle Zevin|They should tell you when you’re born: have a suitcase heart, be ready to travel.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|I am a fool with a heart but no brains, and you are a fool with brains but no heart; and we’re both unhappy, and we both suffer.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|I’ve been through all this before,’ he says to his heart.“ ‘Yes, you have been through all this before,’ replies his heart. ‘But you have never been beyond it.
George MacDonald, The Day Boy and the Night Girl|Her heart - like every heart, if only its fallen sides were cleared away - was an inexhaustible fountain of love: she loved everything she saw. 
Marie Lu, Champion|My heart's been torn wide open, just like I feared it would be, and I have no willpower to close it back up.
E.B. White|I am reminded of the advice of my neighbor. "Never worry about your heart till it stops beating. 
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|On nights like this when the air is so clear, you end up saying things you ordinarily wouldn’t. Without even noticing what you’re doing, you open up your heart and just start talking to the person next to you—you talk as if you have no audience but the glittering stars, far overhead.
Kahlil Gibran|When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy. When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.
Olivia Cunning, Backstage Pass|If my heart grows any fonder, it's going to hop out of my chest and into yours.
Josephine Angelini, Goddess|She had power over the most magnificent forces on Earth, but she still didn’t feel like she had power over the most important thing of all—her own heart.
Lao Tzu|Love is of all the passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart, and the senses.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Dearest Cecilia, You’d be forgiven for thinking me mad, the way I acted this afternoon. The truth is I feel rather light headed and foolish in your presence, Cee, and I don’t think I can blame the heat.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own.
Tite Kubo|What is this "heart"? If I tear open that chest of yours, will I see it there? If I smash open that skull of yours, will I see it there?~ulquiorra
Alessandra Torre|The heart is stubborn. It holds onto love despite what sense and emotion tells it. And it is often, in the battle of those three, the most brilliant of all.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|When you are inquisitive, Jane, you always make me smile. You open your eyes like an eager bird, and make every now and then a restless movement, as if answers in speech did not flow fast enough for you, and you wanted to read the tablet of one's heart.
John McDermott|I am a sailor, you're my first mate We signed on together, we coupled our fate Hauled up our anchor, determined not to fail For the heart's treasure, together we set sail With no maps to guide us, we steered our own course Rode out the storms when the winds were gale force Sat out the doldrums in patience and hope Working together, we learned how to cope. Life is an ocean and love it a boat In troubled waters it keeps us afloat When we started the voyage there was just me and you Now gathered round us we have our own crew Together we're in this relationship We built it with care to last the whole trip Our true destination's not marked on any chart We're navigating the shores of the heart
James Boswell|We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over. So in a series of acts of kindness there is, at last, one which makes the heart run over.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Everytime, he breaks your heart. And everytime, he expects me to pick up the pieces.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|From the way that people have always talked about your heart being broken, it sort of seemed to be a one-time thing. Mine seemed to break all the time.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|What if one happens to be possessed of a heart that can’t be trusted—? What if the heart, for its own unfathomable reasons, leads one willfully and in a cloud of unspeakable radiance away from health, domesticity, civic responsibility and strong social connections and all the blandly-held common virtues and instead straight towards a beautiful flare of ruin, self-immolation, disaster?
Mark Twain, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court|You can't reason with your heart; it has its own laws, and thumps about things which the intellect scorns.
Julian Barnes, A History of the World in 10½  Chapters|You can deal with the brain, as I say; it looks sensible, whereas the heart, the human heart, I'm afraid, looks a fucking mess.
Nalini Singh, Bonds of Justice|Take care of my heart won't you, Sophie? It's a little odd having it outside my body-but I'm planning to steal yours to make up for it.
Patrick Rothfuss|I smiled,"Deoch, my heart is made of stronger stuff than glass. When she strikes she'll find it strong as iron-bound brass, or gold and adamant together mixed. Don't think I am unaware, some startled deer to stand transfixed by hunter's horns. It's she who should take care, for when she strikes, my heart will make a sound so beautiful and bright that it can't help but bring her back to me in winged light.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|To love is to accept a soul entirely, not wishing that the person was otherwise, nor hoping for change, nor clinging to some ideal past. To love is to cherish the individual standing before you presently―charms, quirks, and all. To love is to give someone a piece of your heart that you will never, ever reclaim.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|These are the quicksilver moments of my childhood I cannot remember entirely. Irresistible and emblematic, I can recall them only in fragments and shivers of the heart.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|It is a curious subject of observation and inquiry, whether hatred and love be not the same thing at bottom. Each, in its utmost development, supposes a high degree of intimacy and heart-knowledge; each renders one individual dependent for the food of his affections and spiritual life upon another; each leaves the passionate lover, or the no less passionate hater, forlorn and desolate by the withdrawal of his object.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|Ah, Evie,” she heard him say softly, “I must have a heart, after all…because right now it aches like the devil.”“Only your heart?” she asked ingenuously, making him laugh.He lowered her to the bed, his eyes sparkling wickedly. “Also a few other things,” he conceded. “And as my wife, it’s your duty to ease all my aches.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|By unnerving definition, anything that the heart has chosen for its own mysterious reasons it can always unchoose later—again, for its own mysterious reasons.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|At the core of your heart, you are perfect and pure. No one and nothing can alter that.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...true love is an irrevocable act - you can only give your heart away once - after that, you give as much as you have left ...
E.E. Cummings, Complete Poems, 1904-1962|love being such, or such,the normal corners of your heartwill never guess how muchmy wonderful jealousy is dark
Thomas More, Utopia|Kindness and good nature unite men more effectually and with greater strength than any agreements whatsoever, since thereby the engagements of men's hearts become stronger than the bond and obligation of words.
Becca Ritchie, Hothouse Flower|Because when you find something you love, you can’t quit. Every failure pushes you harder. It’s in your soul and in your fucking heart
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|This was the start of a period that blurs as I try to recall it. Incidents seem to cascade and merge. Events become feelings, fellings become events. Head and heart are contrary historians.
Christine Feehan, Spirit Bound|They called each other family and that’s what they were—sisters. Many people in the world had family of the heart, kin by choice rather than by blood, and hers had come along in her darkest hour and saved her life.
Pierre-Ambroise Choderlos de Laclos, Les Liaisons dangereuses|When one woman strikes at the heart of another, she seldom misses, and the wound is invariably fatal.
Philip Reeve|Sometimes, on our way through the world, we meet someone who touches our heart in a way others don't.
Gustave Flaubert|As you get older, the heart shed its leaves like a tree. You cannot hold out against certain winds. Each day tears away a few more leaves; and then there are the storms that break off several branches at one go. And while nature’s greenery grows back again in the spring, that of the heart never grows back.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Be gentle with him, Mercy. He's got a heart as big as Texas— he'll die for you without blinking. But he doesn't expect anyone to do the same for him.
Denis Johnson, Jesus' Son|She wanted to eat my heart and be lost in the desert with what she'd done, she wanted to fall on her knees and give birth from it, she wanted to hurt me as only a child can be hurt by its mother.
Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin|What do you love more?” she teased. “My hair or my heart?” “Why give me only two choices? Don’t leave out your legs, your laugh, the way you bite your lip when you’re thinking, the feel of your breath on my face, the sound of your voice in the morning, the way you taste, the three freckles on your nose, the fan of your eyelashes, the caring spirit, the determined soul — so why stop at your hair and your heart? How do you expect me to choose? When what I love the most about you — is you.
Bob Dylan|Your heart is like the ocean, mysterious and dark.
Agapi Stassinopoulos|Into your darkest corner, you are safe in my love, you are protected. I am the openess you seek, I am your doorway. Come sit in the circular temple of my heart, & let yourself be calm.
Luigi Pirandello, Six Characters in Search of an Author and Other Plays|Each of us, face to face with other men, is clothed with some sort of dignity, but we know only too well all the unspeakable things that go on in the heart.
L.J. Smith|Tell Hugh," she whispered.Tell Hugh your freaking self! He's right here! And you're not going anywhere.
Emily Brontë, The Complete Poems|Riches I hold in light esteem,And love I laugh to scorn,And lust of fame was but a dreamThat vanished with the morn.And if I pray, the only prayerThat moves my lips for meIs, 'Leave the heart that now I bear,And give me liberty!'Yes, as my swift days near their goal,'Tis all that I implore -In life and death, a chainless soul,With courage to endure.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|He looked down at his boots. "That berth belongs to you too. It will always be there when―if you want to come back."Inej could not speak. Her heart felt too full, a dry creek bed ill-prepared for such rain. "I don't know what to say.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|But Catherine did not know her own advantages - did not know that a good-looking girl, with an affectionate heart and a very ignorant mind, cannot fail of attracting a clever young man, unless circumstances are particularly untoward.
Jay McLean, More Than This|Every Princess has one Prince to share the loves and joys of life, and do you know how that Princess knows which Prince is hers?”“How Mommy?”“From the kiss.”“But how?”“The very first kiss with your Prince will change your life. When your lips touch for the first time, the earth will feel like it stops moving, but in the same moment, the world around you spins. It’ll feel like fireworks in the night sky. Like a bright light in the darkness. You’ll feel your heart beat fast in your ears but silence will surround you. And when you pull apart and open your eyes and look at each other, and really see each other. You’ll know it in that moment, through that kiss, that you’ve just let someone own a piece of your heart, and you’ll live happily ever after.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|It's the time you spent on your rose that makes your rose so important...People have forgotten this truth, but you mustn't forget it. You become responsible forever for what you've tamed. You're responsible for your rose.
Tite Kubo|I don't have a method of stepping into the depths of your heart without getting it dirty." -Kuchiki Rukia
William Shakespeare, Othello|Were I the Moor I would not be Iago.In following him I follow but myself;Heaven is my judge, not I for love and duty,But seeming so for my peculiar end.For when my outward action doth demonstrateThe native act and figure of my heartIn compliment extern, ’tis not long afterBut I will wear my heart upon my sleeveFor daws to peck at. I am not what I am
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|We're all born with the greatest treasures we'll ever have in life. One of those treasures is your mind, another is your heart.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|His heart is too full, and no words to release it.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Le coeur a ses raisons que la raison ne connait point. French. Pascal. The heart has its reasons, whereof reason knows nothing.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|I wish I had no heart, it aches so…
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|A love story is not about those who lost their heart but about those who find that sullen inhabitant who, when it is stumbled upon, means the body can fool no one, can fool nothing—not the wisdom of sleep or the habit of social graces. It is a consuming of oneself and the past.
Charles Martin|Reese, your books might not tell you this, so I will. Every heart has two parts, the part that pumps and the part that loves. If you’re going to spend your life fixing broken hearts, then learn about both. You can’t just fix one with no concern for the other. 
Jessica Verday, The Haunted|I am going to give you my heart now," I whispered. "Please don't break it again.
Keith Bellows|There are some parts of the world that, once visited, get into your heart and won't go. For me, India is such a place. When I first visited, I was stunned by the richness of the land, by its lush beauty and exotic architecture, by its ability to overload the senses with the pure, concentrated intensity of its colors, smells, tastes, and sounds. It was as if all my life I had been seeing the world in black and white and, when brought face-to-face with India, experienced everything re-rendered in brilliant technicolor.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|I have seen your heart, and it is mine.
Anne Sexton|And what of the dead? They lie without shoesin the stone boats. They are more like stonethan the sea would be if it stopped. They refuseto be blessed, throat, eye and knucklebone. 
Ronlyn Domingue, The Mercy of Thin Air|why, it beats so i can love you.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You shall love your neighbourWith your crooked heart,It says so much about love and brokenness -- it's perfect.
Grigoris Deoudis|Let us liberate ourselves from any form of control. Let us focus at the inner drum, where the rhythm aligns with that of our heart. The measure of responsibility, equals to the need for evolution. Just listen, the inner child, let it whisper in your ear.
Jessica Verday, The Haunted|If I could touch anything in the world right now, it would be your heart. I want to take that piece of you and keep it with me.
P.C. Cast, Untamed|Then your heart is a black, shriveled thing, because you absolutely betray me.
Martina Boone, Compulsion|But the people who mattered were the people you chose instead of the people who were yours by an accident of birth. Real family was heart as much as, if not more than, blood.
Arina Tanemura|Please, no one touch my heart. Don't touch it. Don't notice anything. No one has to know what my heart is feeling. I decided that I wouldn't turn back. That's why I threw everything away. So, don't you ever say, "I'm lonely.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|You're never perfectly safe. No human being on Earth ever is or ever was. To live is to risk your life, your heart, everything.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
Vanna Bonta, Shades Of The World|Your heart is the beacon, your heart is the storm. Dare to embrace it; you'll never be torn.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|As he was about to climb yet another dune, his heart whispered, "Be aware of the place where you are brought to tears. That's where I am, and thats where your treasure is.
Yasmin Mogahed|Speak your heart. If they don’t understand, the message was never meant for them anyway.
Claire Keegan|My heart feels not so much in my chest as in my hands. I am carrying it along swiftly, as though I have become the messenger for what is going on inside me.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|In the kingdom of glass everything is transparent, and there is no place to hide a dark heart.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|My heart is too thoroughly dried to be broken in a hurry, and I mean to live as long as I can.
Melody Beattie, The Lessons of Love: Rediscovering Our Passion for Life When It All Seems Too Hard to Take|You don't blast a heart open," she said. "You coax and nurture it open, like the sun does to a rose.
Terri Cheney, Manic: A Memoir|...love is a chemical imbalance, too. That perilous highs and desperate lows and extravagant flurries of mood are not always symptoms of a broken mind, but signs of a beating heart.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|Some of us have hearts, you know. Some of us don't give up on true love.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Reaching Out: The Three Movements of the Spiritual Life|It is tragic to see how the religious sentiment of the West has become so individualized that concepts such as "a contrite heart," have come to refer only to the personal experiences of guilt and willingness to do penance for it. The awareness of our impurity in thoughts, words and deeds can indeed put us in a remorseful mood and create in us the hope for a forgiving gesture. But if the catastrophical events of our days, the wars, mass murders, unbridled violence, crowded prisons, torture chambers, the hunger and the illness of millions of people and he unnamable misery of a major part of the human race is safely kept outside the solitude of our hearts, our contrition remains no more than a pious emotion. 
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|When it comes to love, compassion, and other feelings of the heart, I am rich.
Santosh Kalwar|Everybody will get their wants, when they heartily want.
Martin Luther|Those speak foolishly who ascribe their anger or their impatience to such as offend them or to tribulation. Tribulation does not make people impatient, but proves that they are impatient. So everyone may learn from tribulation how his heart is constituted.
Nadia Scrieva|The heart knows the immensity it wants to achieve, but it is limited.
Aimee Bender, The Girl in the Flammable Skirt|We're all getting too smart. Our brains are just getting bigger and bigger, and the world dries up and dies when there's too much thought and not enough heart.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|By having good memories on every place you just visit, you are building paradise in your own heart and your life.
Stephen R. Lawhead, Merlin|Perhaps it is how we are made; perhaps words of truth reach us best through the heart, and stories and songs are the language of the heart
Sarah Noffke, Awoken|No one ever told me how sorrow traumatizes your heart, making you think it will never beat exactly the same way again. No one ever told me how grief feels like a wet sock in my mouth. One I’m forced to breathe through, thinking that with each breath I’ll come up short and suffocate.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Kiss|Under her palm, his heart beat strong and sure. It was such a human sound, so honest, so real.
Melissa Senate, The Breakup Club|I don't want to say something cheesy like 'home is where the heart is,' but home is definitely where the heart is. And my heart is, and has always been, with you.
Sandy Blair, A Man In A Kilt|Get a grip on your heart and pride, girl. Nobody has or ever will give a damn whether you're happy or not.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|I was coming to see the heavier your heart got, the strongest you had to be to keep carrying it around.
Eliza Cook|How cruelly sweet are the echoes that start, when memory plays an old tune on the heart!
Cassia Leo, Black Box|This is called ‘Black Box’, for the girl who holds the key to mine.
Augusten Burroughs, A Wolf at the Table|I love you," she said, and I knew she meant it because she spoke the words from the heart at the center of her chest. This, at least, had not been left behind at the hospital.
Jim Anderson, Unmasked: Exposing the Cultural Sexual Assault|If you want to fight hell and the power of darkness that seek to destroy the hearts of our daughters, I know a type of spiritual warfare that creates value in a daughter's spirit. It is called "Taking your Daughter out for tea" or "Going to Her Soccer Game", and it works in direct opposition to the agenda of hell and darkness that wants to destroy their lives.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|Her hand rose to her lips and she stared up at the stars, feeling her heart grow, and grow, and grow.
Susanna Tamaro, Follow Your Heart|Unshed tears leave a deposit on your heart. Eventually they form a crust around it and paralyze it, the way mineral deposits paralyze a washing machine.
Ibi Kaslik, Skinny|Heart lesson #3: post-heartbreak survival. The heart is resilient, I mean literally. When a body is burned, the heart is the last organ to oxidize. While the rest of the body can catch flame like a polyester sheet on campfire, it takes hours to burn the heart to ash. My dear sister, a near-perfect organ! Solid, inflammable.
Karen Marie Moning, Dreamfever|My city. I pondered that phrase, wondered why Barrons felt that way. He never said “our world.” He always said “your world.” But he called Dublin his city. Merely because he’d been in it so long? Or had Barrons, like me, been beguiled by her tawdry grace, fallen for her charm and colorful dualities?I looked around “my” bookstore. That was what I called it. Did we call the things of our heart our own, whether they were or not?
Cassandra Clare, The Whitechapel Fiend|Simon’s love life was complicated, but there was a pang, just for a moment, for this woman talking graphic novels with him. Ah, well. Tessa Gray, foxy nerd, was probably dating someone already.
Caroline Kepnes, You|Your lips were made for mine, Beck. You are the reason I have a mouth, a heart.
Ninni Holmqvist, The Unit|I was happy in the dream; but when I woke up it was with a feeling that I was falling apart, that I was cracking up from the inside and slowly falling to pieces. My heart was jumping and grating like a cold engine that doesn't want to start. My skin was crawling, and I couldn't manage a single clear thought. It was as if all my thoughts were crushed to bits just as they began to take shape. I didn't get much done that day.
Leanne Hall, This is Shyness|There’s a pause so yawning I can’t help but think about what it would be like to lean in and kiss her, but if I’m getting the signals wrong then I’m about to destroy the best run we’ve had all evening. It’s been at least ten minutes since I’ve done or said anything stupid.
Courtney C. Stevens, Faking Normal|If he were to put his heart in my hand, he might never find it again. And I'm not cruel enough to let him break while he tries to heal the impossible.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|The heart has its order, the mind has its own, which uses principles and demonstrations. The heart has a different one. We do not prove that we ought to be loved by setting out in order the causes of love; that would be absurd.
Jay Woodman|Colour outside the lines, live outside the box. Don’t let anyone tell you what to do, or not. Don’t be afraid, listen to your heart.	Heaven is a state of being – of one-ness, and Hell is a state of being – lost. We simply need to live as we best define ourselves, find our own ways of being who we are in our world.  There is no requirement - only freedom of choice. We should not be judged if we are doing what we think best according to our perceptions at any given time.	Guilt should be discarded, moved beyond - what matters is who we choose to be in the next moment, given what we might have learned. We continually create ourselves anew.	Forgiving someone is a great way to show love, and forgive yourself too for the hurt you held onto far too long.	Take back the energy you have wasted on these things and reclaim your power to be your next best self.	Honour the past but refresh, expand, renew, fulfill. Heaven is within us, always reachable.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The enemy stays in the hearts of friends. Watch what your friends know about you and watch what you tell your friends, remember, egoism breeds jealousy and ends a relationship in discord.
Katie J. Davis, Kisses from Katie: A Story of Relentless Love and Redemption|One of the questions that surprised me most was this: “Mommy, if Jesus comes to live inside my heart, will I explode?”“No!” I proclaimed as the children and I headed to the Nile River for a few of them to be baptized that day.Then I thought about the question a bit more.“Yes, if Jesus comes to live in your heart, you will explode.” That is exactly what we should do if Jesus comes to live inside our hearts. We will explode with love, with compassion, with hurt for those who are hurting, and with joy for those who rejoice. We will explode with a desire to be more, to be better, to be close to the One who made us.
Erin Hanson|I lend everyone my ear,But nobody my heart,And I sure would like to change that,But I don't know where to start,I smile more to myself,Than the world will ever see,Because the only time my smile is real,Is in my own company,People don't know how I feel,They never even ask,It seems I have fooled them all,They can't see past my mask,If they were with me late at night,When the world was still asleep,Maybe I'd let them sort,Through the secrets that I keep,But when I wake at 2am,Nobody is ever there,And I learnt that why I hide my heart,Is because no-one really cares.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|In this abundant earth no doubtIs little room for things worn out:Disdain them, break them, throw them by!And if before the days grew roughWe once were lov'd, us'd -- well enough,I think, we've far'd, my heart and I.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|I am not sad, he would repeat to himself over and over, I am not sad. As if he might one day convince himself. Or fool himself. Or convince others—the only thing worse than being sad is for others to know that you are sad. I am not sad. I am not sad. Because his life had unlimited potential for happiness, insofar as it was an empty white room. He would fall asleep with his heart at the foot of his bed, like some domesticated animal that was no part of him at all. And each morning he would wake with it again in the cupboard of his rib cage, having become a little heavier, a little weaker, but still pumping. And by the midafternoon he was again overcome with the desire to be somewhere else, someone else, someone else somewhere else. I am not sad.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|I will tear this folly from my heart, though every fibre bleed as I rend it away!
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|I think of the quietness of Julian’s voice as he said I love you, the steadiness of his rib cage rising and falling against my back, as we sleep.I love you, Julian. But the words don’t come.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|Each guy stamped the passport of my heart. “You’re worthy.” Stamp. “You’re enough.” “You have not failed completely.” Stamp, stamp.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It is only normal that people count losses with their minds, and ignore to count blessings with the graciousness of their hearts.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|Oh, well, faint heart never won so much as a scrap of paper
Sri Chinmoy, Meditation: Man-perfection in God-satisfaction|When you are right, everything around you is right, for the beautiful flow that is inside your heart has the capacity to spread its fragrance of oneness-light all around you.
Charles Martin|The books talked about it [the heart] as if it were a sump pump stuck down in the muck and mire of somebody’s backyard. Never in all my scientific reading did I encounter anything that talked about a broken heart. Never did I read anything about what the heart felt, how it felt or why it felt. Feeling and knowing weren’t important, only understanding
John Calvin, Golden Booklet of the True Christian Life|The gospel is not a doctrine of the tongue, but of life. It cannot be grasped by reason and memory only, but it is fully understood when it possesses the whole soul and penetrates to the inner recesses of the heart.
Kate DiCamillo|Like most hearts, it was complicated, shaded with dark and dappled with light.
Jimmy Dean|Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it.
Parker J. Palmer|The academic bias against subjectivity not only forces our students to write poorly ("It is believed...," instead of, "I believe..."), it deforms their thinking about themselves and their world. In a single stroke, we delude our students into believing that bad prose turns opinions into facts and we alienate them from their own inner lives.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Black Cat|Yet I am not more sure that my soul lives, than I am that perverseness is one of the primitive impulses of the human heart - one of the indivisible primary faculties, or sentiments, which give direction to the character of Man. Who has not, a hundred times, found himself committing a vile or a silly action, for no other reason than because he knows he should not? Have we not a perpetual inclination, in the teeth of our best judgment, to violate that which is Law, merely because we understand it to be such?
Teresa Medeiros, Charming the Prince|Stand and yield," she called out, her voice far steadier than her hands. "For I cannot allow you to pass." Bannor's crooked grin was somehow more intimidating than a snarl. 'Twould have been far easier to despise him if he'd been cursed with horns and a tail instead of twinkling blue eyes and a dimple in his jaw. "What would you have me yield, my lady? My sword or my heart?"-willow&bannor-
Santosh Kalwar|A student: "I wonder why I did what I did, maybe it was an accident" A Teacher: "Everything is a mere accident. Be it, a love or friendship. We are born by an accident, we die by an accident, we study by an accident, and sometimes, we live by an accident. However, it is not we who perform these accidents. We are just like a remote control operated by unknown creature. But worry not; your heart makes happy accidents.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|While her lips talked culture, her heart was planning to invite him to tea
Susan  Fletcher, The Highland Witch|Your heart's voice is your true voice. It is easy to ignore it, for sometimes it says what we'd rather it did not - and it is so hard to risk the things we have. But what life are we living, if we don't live by our hearts? Not a true one. And the person living it is not the true you.
Jerod Mankin|Here I am at these crossroads again,wondering what will never become of me.Now and then, I'll take one on the chin.Because I wear my heart upon my sleeve.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|When mind stuck, entertain your heart.
Corina Abdulahm-Negura|If you have to fight and want to win, use the strongest muscles: Heart.
Jonathan Messinger, Hiding Out|How could you love something so destructive?" I ask."Because this wolf doesn't care if your heart is whole or not," you say. "It tastes just the same.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|It is true, as John Bunyan said, that God infinitely prefers a heart without words to words without a heart when we pray.
Santosh Avvannavar|If you want to win the heart of a person, first win the perception
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The sun's rays have vision and give us vision. However, it is the birds' eyes and the two invisible angels by your side that record everything. Nothing goes unnoticed throughout the universe. Wherever there is a vibration, there are eyes and ears. Some energies don't need ears or vision to see or hear, they can feel what is in your heart and tap into all your sins and fears.
Anthony Liccione|The mind can fool the heart, as the heart can fool the mind.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Thy will be done, my Lord. Because you know the weakness in the heart of yourchildren, and you assign each of them only the burden they can bear. May youunderstand my love–because it is the only thing I have that is really mine, the only thing that I will be able to take with me into the next life. Please allow it to be courageous and pure; please make it capable of surviving the snares of the world.
C.S. Lewis, The Abolition of Man|The heart never takes the place of the head: but it can, and should, obey it.
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|And she would not hold back his limbs when his heart was gone to the woods, for it is ever the way of witches with any two things to care for the more mysterious of the two.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|Disbelief held me down inside my footsteps, making my body heavy but my heart wild.
Criss Jami, Healology|Be willing to give, but only when you aren't expecting anything in return.
Bryan Charles, Grab on to Me Tightly as If I Knew the Way|Heart as collapsed time, as a dug-up grave, as simple machine. Heart as big black bugs bleed blue blood. Heart as MI frozen as seen from airplane, everything still and white and beautiful. Heart as the Day the Music Died. Heart as love being made, as fucking, as a pleasantly haunted house. Heart as a dim memory of a dark room in which you’re molded wetasscracked into a beanbag chair, fumbling for wetness. Come hither. Heart as a cunt’s supposed to smell like tuna. Heart as the star of the sea. Heart as a pussy in permanent bloom. Heart as doxycycline. Heart as waxwings, as a fudge round, as the phone rings once and then stops. Heart as throw your hands in the air, throw your art at the stars, stutter and stare. Heart as a Stratocaster. Heart as Twin Reverb. Heart as I heart you so much. Heart as all that we thought we knew in the world disappears into vapor. Heart as the rest of your life times the weight of the world squared.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|I only knew the schoolbooks said he "died in the wilderness, of a broken heart.""More than him has done that," said Antonia sadly, and the girls murmured assent. 
Sage Steadman, Upon Destiny's Song|The boy’s skeletal frame was now all that remained of him, and through his flesh could be seen the steady beat of his indomitable heart.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|When once more alone, I reviewed the information I had got; looked into my heart, examined its thoughts and feelings, and endeavored to bring back with a strict hand such as had been straying through imagination's boundless and trackless waste, into the safe fold of common sense.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The moth prefers the moon and detests the sun, while the butterfly loves the sun and hides from the moon. Every living creature responds to light. But depending on the amount of light you have inside, determines which lamp in the sky your heart will swoon.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|I felt that thread that had come between us, tugging, tugging at my heart—so hard, it hurt me.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When enemies, the intellect and the heart only see one another as the hater and the fool.
James D. Maxon|If you measure your life by what you own, the cavern of your heart will never be filled.
Faraaz Kazi|His mind scolded him for his stupidity and urged him to forget her but his heart had no justifications for its stand. It remained unmoved, its solidarity unaffected, its arrogance still holding.
Amy Efaw, After|Devon had been so lonely, so terribly lonely, for so long. The kind of lonely that sears, that burrows its way deep inside a heart and throbs. Like a gnawing hunger.
Chris Adrian, The Great Night|If I showed you what was in my heart," she said, "it would burn you to a cinder."I've tried to burn you similarly," it said, "but you never even noticed when I opened my chest.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|SECOND SUNSo much bloodHas been spent in this world,But we have not yet built a sun of blood.Listen, my friend,To these trembling words:A second sun will be born		of our blood		in the form of a heart.
Amy Gerstler, Medicine|Love doesn't reside in the heart, anyway. Love resides in the liver along with jaundice.
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|The difficulty lay with the mind accommodating itself to the notion of the plane, with all its weight, defying gravity, staying aloft. She understood the aerodynamics of flight, could comprehend the laws of physics that made flight possible, but her heart, at the moment, would have none of it. Her heart knew the plane could fall out of the sky.
Carolyn Turgeon, Godmother: The Secret Cinderella Story|I'm here!" I said..."I'm read to go home!" As if they couldn't see me. As if I couldn't remember what it had been like, fluttering next to someone's ear and whispering into it. How the whole earth was like a musical instrument that we could play effortlessly....I could not fly. My sister was not there. My heart was broken.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|What do you want me to say?" he asked, his voice sharp and moody. "That I had a moment of weakness when I saw it?That for an instant I felt the pang of being homesick? Yeah, I did. There, you now know the Dark-Hunter who has no soul has a heart. Are you happy? ""I already knew you had a heart. "He stopped at a red light and looked at her. A fierce frown creased his brow as if he were trying to figure her out."Believe it or not," she continued, "it shows in everything you do.
Anonymous|The heart is perverse above all things, and unsearchable. Who can know it?
Beth Kephart, Undercover|Nature is not the number-one mystery, I’ve learned. It’s the heart that takes top honors.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A pure heart does not demean the spirit of an individual, it, instead, compels the individual to examine his spirit.
Charles Dickens, The Chimes|A new heart for a New Year, always!
K.P. Yohannan, Living in the Light of Eternity|In the human heart there is a built-in obsolescence factor. It does not matter how powerful and influential you are, how much education you have, how selfcontrolled or holy you consider yourself—your heart, if you do not guard it, will break down.
Sanhita Baruah|It will be foolish not to get your heart broken, even once.For having a broken heart makes you realize the immense capability it possesses to mend and heal itself and to love far more intensely,with every affixed piece of it that was once broken and torn apart..
L.H. Cosway, King of Hearts|Do you ever wish, Alexis, that your heart was just that little bit smaller, so that you didn't have to care quite so much?
Patricia Kay, Gentleman Companion Two|Listen to your heart, it speaks, hear its words
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|With all the global warming going around nowadays, it would only take the stubbornness of a mule and the patience of a sitting duck to achieve what no man has ever done before – namely melt the ice in a wax figure’s beaten heart that was chopped off and hidden 50 meters under the polar ice caps in Alaska, to protect it from feeling.
Dannika Dark, Twist|Don't pursue something with a vengeful heart, or it will destroy you. Hate wraps a cold hand around your heart and hollows you out." - Justus
Banana Yoshimoto, Asleep|It didn't matter whether he was nearby or far away. His image would drift up into your mind just when you least expected it, shocking you, making your chest pound. Making your heart ache.
I Ching|And when two people understand each other in their inmost hearts,Their words are sweet and strong like the fragrance of orchids.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|The human heart is like india-rubber; a little swells it, but a great deal will not burst it. If "little more than nothing will disturb it, little less than all things will suffice" to break it. As in the outer members of our frame, there is a vital power inherent in itself that strengthens it against external violence. Every blow that shakes it will serve to harden it against a future stroke; as constant labour thickens the skin of the hand, and strengthens its muscles instead of wasting them away: so that a day of arduous toil, that might excoriate a lady's palm, would make no sensible impression on that of a hardy ploughman.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|I'll have your heart, if not by gift my knife Shall carve it out. I'll have your heart, your life.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When mind says it's impossible, don't dictate heart to comply.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|They told me Corrigan smashed all the bones in his chest when he hit the steering wheel. I thought, Well at least in heaven his Spanish chick'll be able to reach in and grab his heart.
Shannon Celebi, Driving Off Bridges|She also understood there was a hole in her heart where her son should be, that she was a wicked, selfish woman for wishing him back.
Shannon Celebi, The Lion Lies Down with the Lamb|She was no stripper with a heart of gold, that was for sure. A heart of steel, more like.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|Pointing directly at your own heart, you find Buddha.
M.F. Moonzajer|The one, who doesn’t break your heart, will break your balls.
Martin Guevara Urbina, Latino Access to Higher Education: Ethnic Realitites and New Directions for the Twenty-first Century|In the twenty-first century, human minds, and to a lesser extent, human hearts can work like well calibrated precision instruments, but who can write the universal manual on imagination?
Manil Suri, The City of Devi|Sarita's been so busy exercising her brain that she hasn't had time for her heart, the poor thing.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Why did you not forget your heart also? I should never have let you have that back." ...
Hannah Hurnard, Hinds' Feet on High Places|The heart knoweth its own sorrow and there are times when, like David, it is comforting to think that our tears are put in a bottle and not one of them forgotten by the one who leads us in paths of sorrow.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|For though your mind is active enough, your heart is darkened with corruption, and without a pure heart there can be no full or genuine sensibility.
Karina Halle, On Every Street|I’m scared of him. I’m disgusted by the vile monster he becomes, this beast he lets out. But I still love him. I’d still do anything for him. I can’t just turn off my heart. I want to, I do, but I can’t. I love him with everything I have and I hate myself for it. Because it’s wrong to love him, I know. It’s so wrong.
Jeanette Winterson|your morse code interferes with my heart beat. I had a steady heart before you, I replied upon it, it had seen active service and grown strong. Now you alter its pace with your own rhythm you play upon me, drumming me taught.
Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats|Who are you? What’s your name?”“Mi Mi.”“Do you hear that thumping noise?”“No.”“It must be here somewhere.” Tin Win knelt down. Now it was nearly next to his ear. “I hear it more and more distinctly. A soft pulsing. You really don’t hear it?”“No.”“Close your eyes.”Mi Mi closed her eyes. “Nothing,” she said, and laughed. Tin Win leaned over and felt her breath on his face. “I think it’s coming from you.” He crept closer to her and held his head just in front of her chest.There it was. Her heartbeat.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Beyond speech and mind,Into the river of ever-effulgent LightMy heart dives.Today thousands of doors, closed for millennia,Are opened wide.
Richard Wagamese, One Story, One Song|The head has no answers, and the heart has no questions, Jack would say."Quoting his teacher and good friend Jack Kakakaway
Kate Ellison, Notes from Ghost Town|(…) maybe the heart is an organ on constant ready, always waiting to try again, always open to the next best thing.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|It’s clear that if we use the mind attentively, mental power is increased, and if we concentrate the mind in the moment, it is easier to coordinate mind and body. But in terms of mind and body unity, is there something we can concentrate on that will reliably aid us in discovering this state of coordination? In Japan, and to some degree other Asian countries, people have historically focused mental strength in the hara (abdomen) as a way of realizing their full potential. Japan has traditionally viewed the hara as the vital center of humanity in a manner not dissimilar to the Western view of the heart or brain. I once read that years ago Japanese children were asked to point to the origin of thoughts and feelings. They inevitably pointed toward the abdominal region. When the same question was asked of American children, most pointed at their heads or hearts. Likewise, Japan and the West have commonly held differing views of what is physical power or physical health, with Japan emphasizing the strength of the waist and lower body and Western people admiring upper body power. (Consider the ideal of the sumo wrestler versus the V-shaped Western bodybuilder with a narrow waist and broad shoulders.)However, East and West also hold similar viewpoints regarding the hara, and we’re perhaps not as dissimilar as some might imagine. For instance, hara ga nai hito describes a cowardly person, “a person with no hara.” Sounds similar to our saying that so-and-so “has no guts,” doesn’t it?
V.S. Carnes|She’d said she loved him. She'd put that impossible, unimaginably beautiful gift in his hands and he’d thrown it back at her. To save her. To save himself.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Award Winning Plays -2|Like a broken vase does not fear of breaking once more, my broken heart is not affected by your hurting words anymore!
Abhijeet Sawant|Even if you be Mendacious.. I know deep in your heart.. you don't wish to be one.. its just, you r acting so 'cos u not letting your heart flow.. and you think your Mendacious actions will make situations convenient to me..!!
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Just like science, there must be other kinds of sensations which haven't yet been feltby the human heart at all.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|Patanjali says that we can meditate on anything that our heart desires. The important thing is not what we meditate on, but more that we meditate. And then gradually to meditate more and more on what corresponds to the innermost longing of our heart. The practice of meditation . . . gradually works its magic in stilling the mind. (42)
Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin|True genius without heart is a thing of nought - for not great understanding alone, not intelligence alone, nor both together, make genius. Love! Love! Love! that is the soul of genius.
Margaret Atwood, Surfacing|The heart with letters on it shining like a light bulb through the trim hole painted in the chest, art history.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|But you will exceed all of them. For you will sacrifice the man who bears me. Already your horn has been raised, and your wrath has been kindled, and your star has passed by, and your heart has become strong." [--Jesus to Judas]
Laura Kasischke, The Life Before Her Eyes|Mr. McCleod: And if there’s anything I want you guys to take with you from this class, as you’re abusing your bodies over break, is three things: the heart is the body’s strongest muscle, that the brain has more cells in it than our galaxy has stars, and that the body is 72% water. So wherever you go over vacation, don’t get too dehydrated.
Mary Balogh, A Secret Affair|All is artifice in my world, Constantine. Even me. Especially me. He taught me to be a duchess, to be an impregnable fortress, to be the guardian of my own heart, But he admitted that he could not teach me how or when to allow the fortress to be breached or my heart to be unlocked. It would simply happen, he said. he promised it would, in fact. But how is love to find me, even assuming it is looking?
Jennifer Melzer, Beauty and Other Dangerous Things|I hold the key to his heart right here." He lifted a briefcase from his side to show her. "All we have to do is wind it up again.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|A pure belief can not be forced on human's heart.If it could, no need for terms such as 'I've told you'.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|When you embrace the mystery and refuse to give in to temporary stumbling blocks, you will not receive what you think you deserve, but rather what you deeply wish in your heart, even though your mind doubts it.
Charmaine J Forde|For when he was poor, he had an unpretentious heart, but when he became rich, he became filled with arrogance.
Emily Lloyd-Jones, The Hearts We Sold|Standing on the edge of that darkness, she felt the stirrings of reckless want. A wild sort of bravery beat within her, taking up the hollow space in her chest where a heart should have resided.
Jamie Ford|He was awed at her touch and what the human heart is capable of feeling - such sadness, such shame, but such acceptance such joy, all at the same time.
Rainer Maria Rilke|And the heart has become so tired, and the longing so vast.
Bethany Kaczmarek, Strains of Silence|You can shut out the memories and keep going, but you'll have to live with a heart that's healed wrong.
Melody  Lee|Come, get entwined in the dream catcher of my heart.
Mary Renault, The Persian Boy|Is he weeping?" said the one with the softest heart.
Munia Khan|He belongs to a whorehouse, not in my heart
Munia Khan|If you can weep with your words, the meaning of your heart can be written forever
W.B. Yeats|Be you still, be you still, trembling heart;Remember the wisdom out of the old days:*Him who trembles before the flame and the flood,And the winds that blow through the starry ways,Let the starry winds and the flame and the floodCover over and hide, for he has no partWith the lonely, majestical multitude*.
Latika Teotia|That dull ache in the heart, those wistful eyes with unshed tears looking at the road waiting for the one who broke your heart to return, that sinking feeling that it’s over, the finality of the whole thing strikes you deep down within. Wake up, come to terms that there’s been a breakup and that it’s over. A breakup is no reason to breakdown, come on you are much stronger. Wipe those unshed tears, chin up, chest out, shoulders back, wear your most beautiful smile and let the world see that you are not down and out. It’s a new phase, a new day, start with a spring in your step and move on. There’s more to life than breakup and you have a long way to go on a beautiful journey.
Virginia Toole|The joy and heartache of an 18th birthday from a mother's heart. Extremely proud, yet fragile feelings with bountiful heartfelt memories of all the joy you bring each day. I love you with all my heart and want everything for you and more . Bless this world with your joyful presence, as you share your gifts in this world.
Virginia Toole|I heard that I am your biggest disappointment,yet, in my heart, I know and feel that I am the greatest version of myself ever and celebrate myself each and every day
Sui Ishida|NOIT'S NO ONE'S FAULTBack then, what I really resented was my own powerless self. my tiny little self. and my tiny little heart.too small to hold all that emotion, so it had to shift the blame onto someone else.but now I'm grown. I'VE COME FOR YOU. I'LL HOLD IT ALL.Kuki Urie
Virginia Toole|Give your all in the Here and Now , with all of your heart
Ginny Toole|Walking and looking at the stars with you, wondering what our futures holds. treasures kept safe in our hearts to cherish forever. I miss those days
Virginia Toole|Scary to be vulnerable, to open your heart but, oh, the out of this world feeling as you savor the pleasure!
Erin Hunter, Sign of the Moon|Destiny isn't a path any cat follows blindly. It is always a matter of choice, and sometimes the heart speaks loudest. Listen to your heart, because that's where your true destiny lies.
Anthony T. Hincks|I can't give you my beating heart, but I can give you my unconditional love.
Melaina Rayne, Given|May the stars guide you on your journey, and your heart always lead you home.
Criss Jami|In their minds, it seems as though people don't often have the same answers, but in their hearts, they do very frequently have the same questions.
Li Shangyin|On the surface, I seem to be glad of new people;But doomed to leave old friends behind me,I cry out from my heart for Shin-Fêng wineTo melt away my thousand woes.
Lisa Renee Jones, Revealing Us|I think it’s the whole ‘bad boy who’s so good but destined to break your heart’ fantasy. Which doesn’t sound like much of a fantasy when you put the broken heart part in the picture, but it is. It so is.
Scott Stabile|Then her heart opened wider than it ever had before, and all she saw before her, everywhere she looked, were people to love.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|Dear God, I ask that you help me with the darkness I’ve been feeling and that you help me make today a changing day in my life. I ask you, dear God, for calm in my mind and your light in my heart. I ask these things in Jesus’s name, amen.
Anthony T.Hinks|Silence is golden, but saying, "I Love You."Is priceless.
Jeremy Pierre, The Dynamic Heart in Daily Life: Connecting Christ to Human Experience|The heart was designed to worship, and if it is not being utilized to worship God, it will worship something else.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Wherever, I am, you will always be in my heart.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Where's the heart?" - Dimitri Belikov
Scott Stabile|When love fills your heart, all bridges lead to something wonderful. (All roads and tunnels too!)
Anthony T. Hincks|Just because you haven't got a home, doesn't make you homeless.andJust because you don't have a heart, doesn't make you heartless.Now, does it?
Haoran Meng|. . . Like ashes of gold in a cinnamon-flame,My youthful desires have been burnt with the years– And tonight in the chilling sunset-windA cicada, singing, weighs on my heart.
Alfred Hayes, In Love|The sick constriction of the heart was undeniable; there was a melancholy truth in the fact that it was suffering which made me, I thought, at last real to myself.
Kelly Moran, Benediction|Matters of the heart were important, but people tended to put too much stock in the particular organ when, in retrospect, it was only tissue. It pumped blood and the body couldn’t live without it, sure, but it had no actual bearing on love. The soul was what made a person distinct—the part that lived on after death, how one being connected to another, and what bound essence.
Riitta Klint|The female warrior knows how to fight without violence. She knows when not to raise her sword, but instead hold up her heart. Her shield is not a defense against others but a shelter for all.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Flow (book 2)|We overestimate what we hear from others, what the facts may be. But the truth, it always lies in our hearts. When you choose the right person to love, you’re happy. Even after one or two failed attempts, when there are obstacles in the way, soon enough things have a way of working out. But if you’ve tried all you could, and you’re still suffering, then it’s time to let go. Just ask your heart. If the pain is more than you can handle, then it’s time to move on
Anthony T. Hncks|Be still my little light beam,As I breathe life into your heart,By giving you the essence of color,To show off your blossoming heart.In its red gentleness,I see your flickering flame,And then I see your body,Glowing in the dusk.Ever so gently,You do but come to life,For me to see your entirety,For me,It’s the color of love.
Grace Willows, To  Kiss a King|Believe in YourselfWhy must we see something to believe in its existence?The wind itself cannot be seen by man, but all have felt it's gentle touch and watched the mighty trees bow as it swept past.We cannot see love yet its nurturing warmth is the essence of our being and sorrow can touch our very soul.  For remorse is like a ripple on the ocean, once given it remains only in the heart of the receiver.Yet all of these cannot be seen only felt. Why then do you doubt your self-worth? For though it cannot cast a reflection in the mirror you have only to look in the eyes of those you love toSee it clearly.Prologue To Kiss a KingTo Kiss a King Copyright © 2017 by Julie Brookshier and Robin WoodsAll rights reserved. Except for use in a review, the reproduction or use of this work in whole or in part in any form is forbidden without written permission of one or more of the authors.This is a fictional work. Names, characters, places, and events are merely the product of the authors' imaginations or used fictitiously, purely for entertainment purposes. Any resemblance to actual persons, living, dead, or undead or any business establishments, events or places past, present, or future, is entirely coincidental.
Seraphim Rose, God's Revelation to the Human Heart|And suddenly there came a second, when somehow for the first time I saw (as if a door had opened from a dark room into the sunny street), and in the next second I already knew for sure that God exists and that God is the Jesus Christ of Orthodoxy, and not some other God. I call this moment the greatest miracle because this precise knowledge came to me not through reason (I know this for sure) but by some other way, and I am unable to explain this moment rationally ....
Karishma Magvani|One of the scariest things in the world, is that other people can make life-changing decisions for you.
Ntambara Sylvestre Owen Berbason|If your heart doesn't judge you anything, fear neither God nor Devil therefore, Don't judge yourself for nothing just keep on trying to do your best.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|They say the heart is just a muscle. They say it plays absolutely no role in our emotions and that its use as a symbol for love is based on archaic theories of it being the seat of the soul or something ridiculous like that. But as I quietly listened to every word she was saying to me, as each syllable shot a sharp arrow through the phone and into my ear, I swear I felt like my entire chest would collapse in on itself. I knew this feeling. They say a heart can't really break because there's nothing to be broken. But see, I once had to leave everyone I loved, and it felt this same way.
QuietStormPoet|My heart is my best asset, my heart is my biggest liability.
Candace Robinson, Hearts Are Like Balloons|My heart is a harness of nothing, deflated balloon, and a place of loss.
Elise Kova, Earth's End|I told you this would never be easy, I warned you. I begged you to spare my heart if you weren’t ready for this fight.
Gift Gugu Mona|Prayer is not a court hearing, so when you pray don't aim to prove before God how others wronged you; because He knows every heart already.
Gift Gugu Mona|Every time you hurt my heart, you are actually making it stronger than before.
A. Lee Martinez, Too Many Curses|He hasn't earned your your mercy."Nessy replied, "Mercy isn't earned. It's given.
Karishma Magvani|If you've never gotten your heart broken, you've not used it well.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|If you believe only in facts and forget stories, your beain will live, but your heart will die
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Every day, let our words blossom lotus in some one's heart.
Charmaine J Forde|I may not have a world of things, I may not have the biggest wings, What I do have is a heart of love, Because I trust the One above
Craig D. Lounsbrough|While we tediously check our weaponry before entering into battle, do we check our hearts? For without exception, that is the greatest weapon of all.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Despite how utterly massive they might be, it is never the size of the arsenal nor the strength of the warrior. Rather, it is a heart bent on sacrifice that is the most potent weapon of all.
ejump - 2017|Giving away the very last peace of our heart is foolish! But if we keep it to ourselves might be selfish as well...so i think we should stay committed to the decisions and be flexible in our approach for a better result (Ejump,2017)
Luna Marym|If you are near ,my heart beats fast,If you are far, my hearts becomes restless,When you look at me,my world stops,When you look away i wish the world to stop.I can die to see your smile,I die as i see your tears.When i see you my mind floods,When i don't it gets a drought.
Deke Sharon, Heart of Vocal Harmony, the: Emotional Expression in Group Singing|Great emotional singing isn't a destination, it's a journey, one to be taken time and again to different places with different moods and different audiences.
R.A.Delmonico|It is not the job of the intellect to tame the passions of the heart, that is the job of the spirit. The intellect is best managed by the heart, without this connection you get the psychopath. The heart is best managed by the spirit, without this connection, you get the horrors of war.
levi paul taylor|remember,it's not what one wears or has in one's pocketrather it's what's in the heart andthe kindness that brings forth..LT
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The ears and the heart are connected, it’s true,for when ears open wide, the heart opens up too.
Will Advise|Once a thing is removed from your heart, a trace of it still remains.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Time Can Not Cure Heart's Wounds Never,But Wounds Spoil and Kill Heart On The Time
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Rumi Collection|If metal can be polishedto a mirrorlike finish,what polishing might the mirrorof the heart require?Between the mirror and the heartis this single difference:the heart conceals secrets,while the mirror does not.
Gift Gugu Mona|You are the sole owner of your heart, so be careful of whom you give access to.
Gift Gugu Mona|We all want to look good, but genuine goodness is in the heart.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Her heart felt too full, a dry creek bed ill-prepared for such rain.
Anthony T. Hincks|Love is for the birds.Honey is for the bees.And you, my special one.Are the only one for me.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|Your smile breaks my heart,And your laughter burns my skin,And if I had to tell you how I feel,That's where I'd begin.
Renee Ahdieh, The Rose & the Dagger|Because at that moment, with the press of Rahim's lips to hers, with the touch of his tongue sending wildfire through her veins, she knew she would always be home here.  With this boy. In this moment. In this time. And that her heart would never be lonely again.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Such a nasty bruise,” he says, staring straight into my eyes. I am stunned he can see it. Delicate to the touch and tender on every side, the bruise is deeper than days. My hand automatically moves to my chest.Science taught me with valid assurance that my heart was fixed in my rib cage, but life has since shown me otherwise. My heart in fact dangles from a tangle of strings. The ends are grasped tight by numerous people who yank and release, having caused many painful bruises over time. I cry because they are invisible to most.“Such a nasty bruise,” he repeats, tugging on my poor heart. His kind eyes fall away from mine as I feel a squeeze on my arm. He twists it enough to show me a small, round patch of purple surrounded by a sickly yellowish corona. “Oh. My elbow.” I let the air exhale from my lungs. Another bruise forms where my heart has hit the floor. It is jerked up again. “Can I do anything for you?” I see in his eyes the mirror image of a finger—his finger—wrapped in one of the dangling strings. He tugs and I feel it.“No,” I reply to his question. But it is a lie. There is something he could do, along with all who grasp a portion of the web entangling my heart. I wish they would mercifully let go.
Robert B. Parker, Looking For Rachel Wallace|Rachel drank some more bourbon. “What I am trying to do,” she said, “is tothank you. And to say it as genuinely as I can. I do thank you. I will remember aslong as I live when you came into the room and got me, and I will alwaysremember when you killed them, and I was glad, and you came and we put ourarms around each other. And I will always remember that you cried.
Gérard de Nerval, Selected Writings|I have seen so many lands vanish in my wake, torn down like stage sets. What survives of them? An image as fleeting as a dream: whatever beauties I discovered, I already knew by heart.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Writing is not just my Hobby . Pen is mouthpiece of my feelings,I have no another one But paper is my best friend. and My Best Friend always Listen so patiently whatever,whenever i speak
Avijeet Das|Last night the nightingale sat by my window and sang her joyous song of love...Though I loved it, my heart silently missed the beautiful song of your heart beat!
Anita B. Sulser PhD|You cannot conquer the mind of a man, if you do not know his heart and you cannot win over his heart, if so you do not know his mind.
B. Glen Rotchin, Halbman Steals Home|He came to the conclusion that it was because there were some things you remembered with your head, like numbers, and other things you remembered with your heart, like shapes, colours, and shadows. He was a heart-memory type.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we open our hearts to the breadth of our experiences, we learn to tune into our needs, unique perceptions, thoughts & feelings
Anthony T. Hincks|Huang Sung turned to the master and asked, "Master, will it come to pass?"The master looked up into the sky and then turned to Huang Sung, "When the sky is red from our tears and the earth is blackened by the ashes of our forefathers and then, when we look inwards to where our hearts once were, then we shall know that it has come to pass, but not in the time allotted to man."From a book that I am writing, called, "The Teachings of Huang Sung.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|I loved her. I did not know what state of mind I would be in when I got where I was going and I was most worried that in the process I might forget her. I did not ever want to forget her! I held the image of her in my mind so strongly and the eternal love for her so deep within my heart that it could never ever be erased, no matter what. My love for her was stronger than anything that could happen to me.
Dana Candler, Deep Unto Deep: The Journey of His Embrace|What one heart finds in Him is so different than what another discovers, yet none less true.
Rabindranath Tagore, Gitanjali: Song Offerings|I shall ever try to drive all evils away from my heart and keep my love in flower, knowing that thou hast thy seat in the inmost shrine of my heart.
Darryl Pinckney, Black Deutschland|IN the book of my heart, pages keep falling out, many of them marked "Mom and Dad.
Pippa Croft, Fourth Time Forever|I don’t know exactly what life has in store for me, but my travels have helped me formulate a better idea of my immediate next move. Europe is where my heart lies, now; here in Paris, at a gallery or museum, or possibly Rome, where Alexander took me last winter.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|He may care for her, though she really has been almost rude to him at times. But she! – why, Margaret would never think of him, I’m sure! Such a thing has never entered her head.""Entering her heart would do.
mahmoud hamdy|If you think deep inside yourself that you can not live except in the presence of someone that is not true, but this feeling remains true and this is more important than anything else .
Kate McGahan|If you are filled with guilt and shame, it's because your heart remembers God but your head seems to have forgotten Him.
H.L. Balcomb, Rainbows in My Heart: Positive Affirmations for Children from a Mother's Perspective:  "A mother's words become a child's universe of possibilities." A children's book with Emotional Intelligence|When a mother elevates her communication, she naturally elevates the outcomes of her child's life since a mother's words become her child's universe of possibilities.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|My heart is a traitor,” the boy said to the alchemist, when they had paused to rest the horses. “It doesn’t want me to go on.” “That makes sense,” the alchemist answered. “Naturally it’s afraid that, in pursuing your dream, you might lose everything you’ve won.” “Well, then, why should I listen to my heart?” “Because you will never again be able to keep it quiet. Even if you pretend not to have heard what it tells you, it will always be there inside you, repeating to you what you’re thinking about life and about the world.” “You mean I should listen, even if it’s treasonous?” “Treason is a blow that comes unexpectedly. If you know your heart well, it will never be able to do that to you. Because you’ll know its dreams and wishes, and will know how to deal with them. “You will never be able to escape from your heart. So it’s better to listen to what it has to say. That way, you’ll never have to fear an unanticipated blow.
Sunday Adelaja|A vision is something supernatural, which develops in the heart of a man
Ehsan Sehgal|I listen to my heart and mind when I plan the things, but I cannot support those, who do not listen to their heart and
Kamand Kojouri|Do not go to my grave. Mary knows, I am not there. Look for me in between pages and on people’s lips.Do not go to my old school. Do not go to my old house —I am not in any of those places. Look for me in your hearts and greet me there.
Akshay Vasu|I crawled over the mountain of death, Watching the corpses roll down like the stones. Searching for the light which everyone always spoke of. I fought the wolves and also the death, and knocked the door, which already had a thousand handprints, soaked with blood. The door opened finally and I saw the light, which hit me in the heart and pushed me down the steep. I fell into the never ending pit, watching others crawl up the mountain in the search of light.
Charlotte Munro, Down by The Mausoleum|I stared down at my hands and saw the blood coat them, how warm and real something felt when it wasn’t just ink and stains. This was life and I was holding it in my hands. I drew my eyes back up and beneath the flickering streetlight and the throng of drunken cattle, I saw nothing else but the dead girl. Somebody out there had taken her life, her heart, and there I was with her warm, sticky blood. Feeling the most alive I’d felt in years.I had to find him. I just had to.
Pushpa Rana|There was the world and there is you, where I belong clouds are more powerful than the sun.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|Stop treating your feelings like they are worth so little. I'm your heart, you idiot. Stop treating me like I'm worth so little. Choose me over your brain for once... Please...
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry|A feeling that He's right here with you or that you're miles apart, is the difference of a prayer with love, or with an absence of the heart.
Vaddey Ratner, In the Shadow of the Banyan|Love hides in all sorts of places, in the most sorrowful corner of your heart, in the darkest and most hopeless situation
R.A.Delmonico|The human heart is deeply nuanced who can know it? Taming the heart involves trust. What do you trust in? The material world has less substance than most people realize. We are made of stuff but this stuff is something that cannot be regarded as real. In a very real sense, you are a collection of your choices.
LaShawnda Jones|When you are brave enough to see me and accept me at my most basic, uninspired, unremarkable self – indeed, embrace my ordinariness - then, and only then, will you develop eyes to see the extraordinary splendor of my heart.
Erik Pevernagie|When love is roaming in our mind, looping in the deepest fringes of our heart, undreamt spaciousness emerges, repealing the constraints of triviality and letting stifling narrowness fade away. While our mindset is besieged by a revolving burst of emotion, our world is ultimately opening up. (Cape of good hope)
Lailah Gifty Akita|If your heart is your home, you can be happy anywhere.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|I was meeting a mountain. I meant to kiss her in secret. I meant to wed her under the midnight dark. The prettiest mountain you ever saw, sparkling with snow in all the right places, rich with granite and tourmaline and silver, sturdy and sensible and weathered by experience of eons. When she saw me, my mountain's pine trees bristled and the wind in her heights whistled my name. When I saw her, I felt rivers break through the rock of my heart and carve me into a new shape.
Ray Bradbury, The October Country|Her eyes reversed into herself, to watch the secret heart of herself pounding itself into pieces against the side of her chest.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|HereIt's like the song of a family where everything's always all right, it's a song of belonging that makes you belong just by hearing it, it's a song that'll always take care of you and never leave you. If you have a heart, it breaks, if you have a heart that's broken, it fixes.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Life starts when you live for someones other than you, and ends when you stop living in others’ hearts! Birth & death are simply incidental.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|And just as he said of me, the thing that his heart desired was not the thing that he professed to want.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|I don’t have any fancy story,about the way we fell in love.It was that one awkward move,and the next I remember, I was looking at you.
Kate McGahan|We must keep our heart open in the very moment our instinct tells us to shut it down. When we transcend this critical point, we are finally and truly able to deepen our love and strengthen our bond.
Felix Alexander|Love is the only memory one never loses, Isaac.” His father had said. “Because even if one loses his mind the memory always remains in the heart.
M.T. Anderson, Yvain: The Knight of the Lion|I shall speak of love...and of hate.It is truly a marvel, but I tell you, hatred and love may live cramped together, crouching in the same heart.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Oh God, please find it within your heart to grant me a heart that looks after itself only because it has first looked after others. And help me to realize that anything less is not a heart.
Michael Delaware|Savor the moments in life that make your heart glow. Chase after and find the moments that will take your breath away. In the end, it is only those milestones on life's journey that matter.
Michael Marshall Smith, Stories: All-New Tales|When you let it get personal, the cost becomes personal too. You’re opening your own heart here. You sure you want to do that?
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He puts us here to make an eternal difference.He puts us here to show everyone around us how much He loves them.He puts us here to be His hands and feet, His body and His heart.
Sudheer Reddy|Go, follow your heart and fuck yourself.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|True love is not practical. True love doesn’t always follow the rules. When you are truly in love, you can lose your mind over it.
D.S. Mixell|Sadness clings to you like a cat unwilling to release its claws, so you embrace it and stroke it until it is content to sleep in your heart, until awakened by a sound, a smell, or a memory...but it never leaves you.
Criss Jami|The legions who attempt to love without Christ, without a new heart, are indeed able to love amongst themselves; however this love is made possible by restraining any anger or hatred deep within the old heart, only to release it all on whichever village idiot(s) they collectively feel a crucifixion would be justified.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|His famous, soul-stirring "I have a dream" speech will still give you chills and break your heart today. Decades later, long after his life on earth tragically ended, the legacy of his burden lives on, improving lives for generations to come. All because one man allowed his burden to birth a dream.
Criss Jami|Even the devils are theists. I am of all people one of the least qualified to judge, but I do believe that some atheists are closer to God than are some theists. With Him, it is better to be distant in the mind but near in the heart than it is to be distant in the heart but near in the mind.
Akshay Vasu|Once you decide to grow out the roses from your heart, and let it spread the roots all over. you should also start to learn to handle the thorns that grow out of their stem.
Dariush Youkhaneh, Serving the living God|still, all we need is a heart of joy that earnestly seeks His will and His plan.
Virginia Alison|Fly high... Where the only chill that cuts through you is the wind. Where your heart pounds from exhilaration not disappointment and after ascending through cloudy wisps, brushing your wings, there is only the clear blue horizon beckoning you forth....
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|This is the last moment of contentment untainted by sorrow, when the brain hesitates before delivering the message to the heart that it knows it must.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Take care of your car in the garage, and the car will take care of you on the road.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Among all the machines, motorcar is my favorite machine.
Akshay Vasu|Every single time you looked at me, through the corner of your eye and smiled. My heart pushed the ribs with all the force towards my lungs, until it got crushed and I could not breathe anymore.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|I am emotional about engines, if you hurt my car, you hurt my heart.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|I want to back up to this whole caring about me thing,” he said, surprising me as he made his way back to the canvas. “I know you care about me, Mallory.”My heart started beating fast as he shook the can.“I care about you.” He knelt halfway down. A second passed and he moved his arm, spraying on the canvas. “And I think this was missing something.”Having no idea what he was doing or where he was going with this, I waited until he rose and stepped back, to the side. My lips parted on a soft gasp. Rider had spray-painted a heart between our names. I saw it with my own
Nikki Rowe|With you, it's different. It's like a coming home.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|I am so obsessed with the cars that sometimes I feel like my heart is not a muscle, it's an engine.
Darshana Suresh, Howling at the Moon|She asks me how my heart is,and I say, 'beating.'That's never the answer you want, and I am sorry about that.
Theresa Braun, Dead over Heels|Maybe it was our shared trauma, or maybe it was a combination of things, but I felt warmth emenate from my heart and spread throughout my chest.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|I love the wheels, I mean steering wheel.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|A bad song for a night such as this, mayhap, but her heart went its own way without much interest in what her head thought or wanted; always had.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|The shield wall reeks of shit, and all a man wants is to be home, to be anywhere but on this field that prepares for battle, but none of us will turn and run or else we will be despised for ever. We pretend we want to be there, and when the wall at last advances, step by step, and the heart is thumping fast as a bird’s wing beating, the world seems unreal.
Munia Khan|Even a heart of a kitten is reliable, if you know how to rely on
Unknown|Together forever, never apart. Sometimes in distance, but never in heart.
Rosamund Hodge, Crimson Bound|Do you think he would dare half as much for your love as I have?”“No,” she said. “He never could. That’s why I love him.”“You were desperate for me.”“Desperate. Not happy.” For the first time in all the years she had known him, she truly pitied him. “You can never, ever make me happy. My heart will never rest in you.
Alice Hoffman|Love was never a mistake,even when it wasn't returned.
Virginia Alison|When destiny deals, you will find yourself staring at four cards. Inevitably, your hand will not change. Time passes and eventually you face three upturned aces, leaving one unknown. Deep down, you know what the fourth holds. Do you have the courage to flip one last time knowing there is no going back? Fate knows no bounds...
Bluenscottish|To have loved, to have lost and to be so empty when love is forgotten and not shared is an empty heart that's always whispering "fill me"~bns
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|When you say to someone “follow your heart”, it actually refers to the rhetorical representation of various emotions, that are precisely produced from neural activity of the limbic system. So, the metaphoric heart we always boast about while giving advice to our friends, is actually not anywhere near the biological organ known as heart. Rather it too, like all other elements of the human mind exists only in the brain.
Adam Scythe, Immortals, Vol. II.|Leaving the path to follow the heart, to help someone, is anything... but reckless.
Akshay Vasu|And she had the magic I had never come across all my life. A minute with her messed up my mind and heart in a way that all the theories of right and wrong didn't matter anymore. All of a sudden opening my arms to the storm seemed a better choice, than dancing under the rainbows.
Hafsa Shah|That moment when my heart stops, almost as if, it never existed..When every breath, slows down, almost as if, I never needed a single breath of air..When time stops, almost as if, seconds never mattered..In that moment, I am infinite..In that moment, I am immortal..In that moment, I am, finally, alive..
Susanna Rowson, Charlotte Temple|She had on a blue bonnet, and with a pair of lovely eyes of the same colour, has contrived to make me feel devilish odd about the heart.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|When you say to someone "follow your heart", it actually refers to the rhetorical representation of various emotions, that are precisely produced from neural activity of the limbic system.
Marius Vieth, Better Street Photos In 3 Powerful Steps|Photoshop and Lightroom help me transform my photos into what my heart felt, but my camera couldn't quite capture!
Steve Shook|Always follow your brain, because your heart is dumb as shit
Marius Vieth|The less gear you use, the more you grow as a photographer. Although there are fewer options available, you'll find more creative ways to capture what you feel! In a way, all your technical options before turn into creative solutions that improve your photography even more.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|He started to estrange her... And they became strangers Who knew each other's heart, So broken as they drifted apart.
Dawn Lanuza, The Last Time I'll Write About You|You read these thingsAnd you ask the world,Why doesn’t it happen To someone like you?Deep in your heart,You knew the answer:It’s because you don’t let it.
Barbara O'Connor, Greetings from Nowhere|And then she got a bad, bad feeling because she realized she had been wrong.You can fool a person.You can fool a dog.You can fool a cat or a horse or a teacher or a friend.But you cannot ever fool a heart.
Bill Richardson, Bachelor Brothers' Bed & Breakfast|The heart, I think, which is the home of all things rhythmic, is where learned poems go to live.
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|Why does it seem more difficult to heal a wounded ego than a wounded heart?Is it because the heart accepts the cold hard reality of rejection and tries to move on, while the ego has no capacity to act likewise?And while the heart weeps, the ego desires revenge: an eye for an eye, no matter what it takes?
Charmaine J. Forde|He fell in love with her house and land,He fell in love with her pension plan,He worked his way to her lonely heart,He was quite wily from the very start.
KulsumAbdullah|One stone is enough to break a glass, One sentence is enough to break a heart,One smile is enough to fall in love,& one God is enough to live a fulfilling life..
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, Poems, Protest, and a Dream: Selected Writings|For now, this afternoon, you saw and touchedmy heart, dissolved and liquid in your hands.
Emily Eaton|Don't strive to be beautiful from the outside, strive to be beautiful from the inside. Surface beauty will fade through time and age, but beauty from the heart, however, will never fade.
Amanda Tero, Befriending the Beast|Dim light played on her face as she turned to wordless prayer, trusting that her Lord, Who saw her heart, knew what it was crying though she was unable to utter it.
Ufuoma Apoki|In listening lies great power.Many are expert in speaking (while everyone hears), adept in analyzing in bits and pieces, very prompt in commenting, and always ready to stamp judgement of 'right' or 'wrong'.Very few are skilled in listening, first, with the ears and, then, with the heart. Those who do hold true, sustainable, and great power.
Tijan, Sentiment Lost|You've got ice in your veins, but you're smart enough to keep it from freezing your heart.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If my heart is set on pursuing real treasures, my mind must be fixed solely on the privilege of enjoying them and freed of the obsession of owning them.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|I know: yes, no, even I must tear offThe delicate daisy petals.Everyone on earth is destined to feelThe torments of love.
Joe Hill, Horns|He had no doubt that Merrin had called out to God here in this place while she was been raped and killed, in her heart if not with her voice. God's reply had been that due to the high volume of calls she could expect to be on hold until she was dead.
Thomas Hardy|Her heart longed for some ark into which it could fly and be at rest. Rough or smooth she did not care, so long as it was warm.
Robin Jarvis, The Oaken Throne|Yours is a true heart, Vespertilio. Beware of it, for it is surely too large for thy chest to contain.
Carol Vorvain, Why Not?: The island where happiness starts with a question|That’s what I like about Polynesians. They wear their hearts on their sleeve knowing that, for adults, there are better games to play than hiding their emotions from each other
Craig Groeschel, Dare to Drop the Pose: Ten Things Christians Think but Are Afraid to Say|I think God eventually changed my heart simply because I clung to my desire for Him, even though I wasn't sure how to follow through on that desire.
Anita Shreve, Sea Glass|You have to do what your heart dictates," Vivian says. "Do you believe that?""Not sure, actually. It's always annoyingly inconvenient, isn't it, the thing about the heart?
Daaji|When we analyze how we make decisions, we witness the interplay of the heart and mind. We observe that the heart protests loudly when we choose something not so good for us, whereas when we make the right decision the same heart remains silent and at peace. That’s how the heart speaks; there are no loud signals when we do the right thing.
Daaji|It is in the stillness of the mind that we perceive the heart with clarity. By constantly observing the inner weather, we steer through life wisely, steadfastly, sans regrets.
Baseer Khan|I envy people who know how to talk to her, my heart begins to pound whenever I see her and she forces me to forget all what I have had rehearsed in my mind. For me, not being able to tame my heart is the one failure I cherish the most.
Angie karan|The heart is a treasure trove.... it is filled to the brink with beautiful Divine gifts. Whoever dives into it, finds that an endless supply, as vast as the great expanse of the Cosmic Ocean.... and even greater than this!
Neymat Khan|When the heart gets hurt,It always rains.
Patricia Highsmith, Nothing That Meets the Eye: The Uncollected Stories of Patricia Highsmith|Life is a long failure of understanding, a long, mistaken shutting of the heart.
Dalai Lama|There is no need for temples, no need forcomplicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophie is kindness.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|It was as though her tongue were a heavy weight in her mouth, and now her heart was even heavier for having kept silent.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Life without flying unconditionally,life with hindered and heartless ending.
Ahmed Ali Anjum|Baby you don’t even know I’m falling apartIn your fun and games, You’ve stolen my heart.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|...The important people in our lives leave imprints. They may stay or go in the physical realm, but they are always there in your heart, because they helped form your heart. There's no getting over that.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Tapping into the power of love in your heart, will ignite your desires and activate your actions towards creating life on your terms.
Neymat Khan|God knows what is in my heart,In my life still i don't have the people whom i want.
Christina Engela, Loderunner|Slavery of the heart, oh Love - a prisoner of will thou art - proof that love, while blissful, can oft also be Hell. Demonstrative definition thou art, that love can be strategic as well!
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings With Jesus Christ 2 (Read Chapter One): Preparing for God's Paradise|You are unshakable, the Lord is your rock, and redeemer, when the words of your mouth and the meditation of your heart are pleasing before Him. Psalm 9:14
Steven Magee|At the W.M. Keck Observatory on the very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea, there was no routine monitoring of mental functioning, blood oxygen levels, blood pressure or heart rate of workers.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|When you don’t question something and you know in your heart that it’s true, it’s like love. If you have to ask yourself if you love someone, you probably don’t. You can make it very complicated because even though you know in your heart that it’s true, you don’t always consult with your heart because your head wants you to think that it’s always right, but your head can confuse you. The heart is the one that’s always right.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Play with the emotions, play with the heart and the animal will surrender to yo
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If you want people to believe you, appeal to their hearts not to their brains
Dianna Wyles, Heart Blessings: A Children's Seek and Find|Life can be stressful! When the world Shouts "Chaos" God's messages of Love whisper "Seek My Peace" Encourage Children to search out God's Blessings in life!
Bikash Bhandari|Whenever you take an action,Decide by both your brain and heart in equal proportions .Balance them as far as possible.
Prince Akwarandu|If your heart is not in God, you are not in Him.Our heart is the issue of life; Affliction is God's last card through which your supernatural eyes can connect to access divine agenda as it relates to your life.
Kate McGahan|Love lives in the humblest of places. It doesn't matter how big your house is, how nice your car is, how big your bank vault is...it only matters how much your heart can hold.
Fabulous Godwin|I do not have silver nor gold to give you, but i have a heart of gold to keep you.
Joel T. McGrath|It is a fact: Of all the people we ever know in our lifetime, the only thing we have in common with them is a handful of shared experiences.
Adrianna Stepiano, This Christian Covered Life, Words and Poems to Read|Beloved his harp cries out in the night an hour my body does shift, the jerk loves to open me up while laughter from Christ like he’s drunk. Shall I stare at her the jumping let live? My wants are my needs so within. The take gives.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I want to have the eyes of an adult to see the world as it is, but I more desperately want to have the heart of a child to make certain that I never forget what it could be.
Kate McGahan|We don't see the truth with our eyes, we see the truth with our heart.
Kunal Karan Kapoor|Follow your heart and go with the flow".
Ina Catrinescu|I look forward to the day when business is less about being busy and more about being of service. When Houses of Cards, become Houses of Hearts. We can no longer afford to squander our passion on cold economics. It is time to reclaim our most valuable commodity and devote it to what’s right. Devote it to concern & creation. To meaningful encounters & purpose-bound experiences. May we no longer do business, but build places of thriving instead; ruled by one truth only ~ the wisdom of our hearts.
N. Kazantzakis|The human heart is a dark, unyielding mystery. It is a perforated jug with a mouth forever open; though all rivers of the earth pour in, it will remain empty and thirsting. The greatest of hopes had not filled it. Would it be filled now by the greatest of despairs? (Report to Greco)
Gugu Mona|Every time you hurt my heart, you are actually making it stronger.
Kevin Young, For the Confederate Dead|How humid the heart, its messy rooms! We eat spicy food, sweat like wood and smolder like the coal mine that caught fire decades ago, yet still smokes more than my great-uncle who will not quit- or go out-
Vivienne Lorret, Winning Miss Wakefield|You have something else of mine, Miss Wakefield,” he amended. “I believe you meant to borrow it and return it directly, but you never did return . . . my heart. It’s been in your possession since our first meeting.”She drew in a staggered breath, daring to hope.“Though without a heart, one might wonder how I came to be here, standing before you right now,” he went on, making her heard spin again. “Do you wonder, Miss Wakefield?”When she nodded, he grinned and placed her hand over his chest.“There is a heart in here, but it is not mine. You see, I believe you made a dire mistake our first meeting. When you meant to return mine, instead you gave me yours. Doesn’t it beat strangely beneath my breast?
Adriana Trigiani, The Queen of the Big Time|He said a man should always have to work hard to win a woman's heart, because when he gets it, it's worth it, and he'll never take it for granted.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|How all my brain was in tumult, and all my heart in insurrection! Yet in what darkness, what dense ignorance, was the mental battle fought!
Stanisław Jerzy Lec|Don't trust the heart, it wants your blood.
Angie karan|The greatest treasures are invisible by the eye but found by the HEART. For where your treasure is, there your heart would also BE
Kristen Callihan, Idol|He's going to kill me. They'll find me lying on the floor, my heart burt wide open, too full of him to stay in my chest.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|This is the secret of the golden flower: if the heart can die the flower will bloom, die as you are so you can be reborn.
Anna Akhmatova, Anna Akhmatova|For this gloomy beast within my breast - A heart. But the thing is,We've all had to learn not to sleep for three years.In the morning we shall find outWho has died in the night.
Criss Jami|When it comes to moral dilemmas and matters of discerning right justice, my natural sympathy so often happens to land on the opposite end of that of most of my peers. I sometimes wonder if this is nothing more than the misguidedness and the wickedness of my own heart. I wonder other times if God wires some of us in such a way so that fair discourse might then be provided, so that honest and unbiased, due process is ultimately more likely to be carried out. Perhaps it is all necessary for variance of perception, for mindful debate: that the heart is meant to create a bit of bias on certain issues; as between one another, they weigh and balance. For not all hearts are the same.
Stephen Harrod Buhner|Measured with magnetic field meters, the electromagnetic field that the heart produces is some 5,000 times more powerful than that created by the brain.
Shannon L. Alder|There are so many things we can have in this world, but only 10 percent of it changes the condition of someone's heart.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|I wanted to kill them. No, not kill. "Kill" is too dull a word for that which I desired. I wanted to annihilate them. I wanted to tear them limb from limb. I wanted to crack their bones and bury my face in the wet remains. I wanted to reach inside their chests and yank out their hearts and devour the bloody meat as the last stray current twitched the muscle and watch their faces as they died.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Tickle my heart with your pen. Write me for all to read. Bind our love inside a book. Make me, your poetry.
N'Zuri Za Austin|I'd give you my heart, but you'd just give it back, so I'll give you my words instead.
Akshay Vasu|Don't ask me why am I not fine, don't say a word just come and hug me. Even if I don't hug you back at that very moment, don't let me go. Hug me more tightly, let me hear your heart beating for me, let me feel the warmth of you inside your arms when your hand is rubbing my back and your fingers are moving through my hair, burn down all my insecurities with your love.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Dirty Fighting : Lethal Okinawan Karate|Patience and Forgiveness are at the heart of A warrior's success, they help engender necessary intervals of space and time to evaluate difficult encounters.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Failure should be archived in head, not heart!
Eric  Smith, Inked|Lose control once in a while, and your emotions will make your strong. Keep your heart open, and they’ll make you invincible.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Open your eyes, mind and heart - and then (only then) you will see
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|I would like to hold your hand as it holds this green leaf, yellowed, that fell early from its tree, this Autumn. And I would like to imagine that it feels your careful care, for your eyes are warmed by your heart, and I would let you sadly nestle into me as a bird folds into its nest, resigning itself to a storm. For my heart is as large as a city, and it glows with the fire that, with the right mischievous love, shall serve to inspire thousands upon thousands to inspire thousands upon thousands.
Stephanie Kaleto, Disconsolate|The only person's heart I'm concerned with protecting is yours. Don't take this the wrong way, but your heart is much more fragile than mine right now and that's okay. There's nothing wrong with that.
Gabriella Jording|We feel through our minds, we live through our hearts, and we love through our eyes.
Sasha Alsberg|He could, Andi."Andi's heart turned to ice.It wasn't possible.He was dead, cast away into some deep, dark hell where he'd never be able to claw his way back out.
Mohammed Sekouty|Even in the heart of the darkness ,You will find a spot of light
Steven Magee|I have outlived a few of the kids that I grew up with in Knowsley Village, Liverpool, UK. Two dropped dead at eighteen years of age from heart attacks! They lived across the road from each other and played together. I wonder if it was some exposure that was common to them? Curiously, an entire family of three ladies all got breast cancer just round the corner from them, it killed my friend! A little further up the road another friend dropped dead of brain cancer in her thirties. Always seemed like far too much premature death in such a small area.
R.A.Delmonico|Math is the language of the head, music is the language of the heart. Of the two, it is music that speaks the most truth.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Symphony starts when you walk together, feel the heart beats and understand the unspoken words.
lauren klarfeld|A man or woman who travels in the end will never be kept. But if you understand that person well enough, they’ll always be by your side. They might have forgotten where their home is in this world - but you might just make them feel like the closest thing to feeling at home. And while they’ll be leaving country after country, this is the way you will never leave their heart.
Kamand Kojouri|He tried to measure his day by tallying the hours on his wrist.I wiped it off and called him a prisoner.He placed the hours on a scalewith hours from former days to compare.I took a hammer and broke it all.He bent down and picked up the shards of minutes firstthen swept the seconds.I told him he’d missed a spot;there were some sparkling specks left.'What are they?' he asked.'Those are moments,' I said.'What are they made of?' he asked.They are times, I thought, when you win a raceor win a heart.They are times when you give birth or lay something, someone to rest.When you wake up in the morning with a smile because anything is possible.When someone compliments the thing you hate most about yourself.Times when you are embarrassed.Times when you are hurtful.Times when you relish in a hearty meal.Times when you service others and are content with a well-spent day.'What are they made of?' he asked again.'They are made up of times when we are fully present.'I picked up one of the specks with the tipof my finger.'Do you remember this?' I asked.'Of course,' he said, 'I was whistling in the kitchen that morning.''Why?' I asked.'Because of the knowledge that I was loved.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|BLESSINGS ARE IMMEASURABLEYou canLose a childOr a parent,The love of your life,A good job,A game,A deal,A bet,An idea,Your favorite thing,Money,Your best friend,A moment,An opportunity,A chance,Your keys,Your mind,Your health,Your identity,Your virginity,Your religion,Your shirt,Your license,ID or Passport,Phone or phone number,Hope,Faith,Luck,Your pride,Or your house,And feel likeYou've lost everything,And keep on losing.StopCounting lossesAnd start counting your blessings.Only then,Will you discover that lossesAre easier to point outAnd countThan blessings,And that blessingsOutnumber your lossesFor they are trulyImmeasurable.It is only normal thatPeople count losses withTheir minds,And ignoreTo count blessingsWith the graciousnessOf their hearts.
Kamand Kojouri|Violinists wear the imprint on their necks with prideFor they are the players of harmony.Pilgrims, too, wear the imprint on their foreheads with prideFor they are the conductors of unity.And Lovers? Why, they are made humble by the imprint on their heartsFor they are merely the instruments of rhapsody.
Kamand Kojouri|I know you not quite wellYet I foolishly surrender my mind to you. Slowly and carefully you have cast a spellNow my virgin heart only longs for you. There is no need to push, I am already falling. Once proudly tall, I’m no longer standing. Knowing well that I am doomed to misery,I will roll the dice and take delight in my suffering.
Constance Friday|Be careful of what you assume, what you assume often becomes what you consume
Kamand Kojouri|Eyes and ears are two.Lungs and kidneys, too.I wonder thenwhy we're born with oneheart that skips a beat when hay is here,and beats quickly when you are near.One heart that cracks when you are far, lie to me and leave a scar.I wonder thenwhy we're born with oneheart that gets broken.Was I supposed to find you then?So your heart would make one plus one is twofor me andtwo for you.
Cristian Peter Marinescu-Ivan|I've just been around long enough to see many sides of what our lovely evil boy-god Eros can be like. You see, there is a reason that Eros uses arrows to ensnare our hearts rather than strings or even chains. Because it is usually the person who is beyond our grasp, the last person we should love who pierces our heart.
Constance Friday|Be careful of what you assume, what you assume will become what you consume
Criss Jami|I wouldn't think that God is quite as much concerned with whether or not one actually sins as He is with whether or not in one's heart one genuinely wants to turn from sin; and therefore, continues working passionately with Him in doing so. It is not some pleasure of God's, as some might imagine, to stand around critiquing, arms crossed, holding a whip. I suppose that when someone weeps over their sins, He extends His hands; He wants them to lift their head and embrace Him and the mercy He's willing to show. But when someone is proud of their sins, He delivers His justice swiftly and righteously. Sin does not intimidate God - although He takes it very seriously - it does no real harm to Him whatsoever, only to the sinner and to other people: and He loves people.
Pauline Seaport|Don't follow your heart as it can lead you astray, but instead, open your heart and allow God to lead you.
Pauline Seaport|Your heart should not be used as a compass for out of it can come deceit, evil thoughts, and actions.
Vivian Swift, When Wanderers Cease to Roam: A Traveler's Journal of Staying Put|Celebrate my heart, at ease or on fire, in my usual featherbrained way.Horace, Roman PoetOde I-6, 23 BCE
Nikki Rowe|It was electric and we couldn't deny it anymore, even when our words spoke different the energy we drew from each-other spoke too loud, it was almost impossible to ignore.
Edward Mooney, Jr.|We are defined as artists by the pull of our hearts, not the creation of our hands.
Vanshicca Dhyani|The reason why some of us love when it rain is because it fills in the faults of our broken hearts and makes us feel complete, even if it is temporary.
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|Teaching comes through the head, learning happens through the heart.
Cory Taylor|When you’re dying, even your unhappiest memories can induce a sort of fondness, as if delight is not confined to the good times, but is woven through your days like a skein of gold thread.
Vanshicca Dhyani|People are not born perfect.We make them perfect,By loving them perfectly.
Nikki Rowe|We can try and push eachother away, we can try and deny what we feel but when two hearts have connected and two souls have been reminded of love there is simply no way fate can keep us apart.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Time waits for no man" but no man dares not wait for "his Time.""Love is patient" but Time is not, yet it takes Time to find Love.Love they say, is blind. Because it "covers a multitude of sins?"To Love we should unwind, tell me when was the last Time.Love is steep; in no Time you fall in it.Time is free, howbeit, a sacrifice to spend with Love.The more Love fills the heart, the Less Time to mind...Yet, the same Time heals the heart when Love breaks it.Yay, the friendly enmity between Time and Love.Embrace it, only if you can!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Heart can keep a secret, but face is not a good secret keeper! So what heart knows, face will expose it!
Suzanne Rindell, Three-Martini Lunch|That's the funny thing about doubt." "What do you mean?" "It makes you feel rotten as hell. But if anyone bothered to think about it, it's a symptom of love. It means it matters to you. It's the brain questioning the wisdom of the heart. It doesn't mean the heart doesn't know better all along, it only means the brain doesn't understand how.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|These galleries are hung, mostly, with images from 'Frog and Toad,' and he moves from each to each, not really seeing them but rather remembering the experience of viewing them for the first time, in JB's studio, when he and Willem were new to each other, when he felt as if he was growing new body parts—a second heart, a second brain—to accommodate this excess of feeling, the wonder of his life.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Sirs, so much as your hearts as is empty of Christ and heaven, let it be filled with shame and sorrow, and not with ease (483).
Menna van Praag, The Dress Shop of Dreams|The heart cannot feel joy without also feeling pain, it cannot know love without also knowing loss.
Kamand Kojouri|Believe me when I say: 'Out of all those around, she’s the best locksmith in town.' Her stethoscope ears know when the dials of your heart click into place.She’s been cutting keys for years.You don’t stand a chance with that flimsy case.Alas, no matter how you lock your heart— bolt, fixture, and key— she’s got nimble fingersthat pick locks for free.Padlocks and deadboltsare all in vain.Why do you even botherwith that chain?She’s way too smart. Along with ours, she’ll have your heart. And you will see that the best locksmith in town is she.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Two|And without my consent, with my defences in ruins, while my brain was sleeping, my stupid heart went and fell headfirst into love.
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|So I did something I've never done, and put your live above my own, because no matter how hard I try to convey it, I'm not heartless. I have a heart and... and it beats for you.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|The falseness of your own hearts, if you look not to them, may undo you(15).
Laurie Perez, Atomic Truths and Stellar Seeking: A Joybroker's Guide to the Stars Inside|Step into the center of the center of the center - right into your Now - and see: how elegant and honest this moment is. Just being yourself, a world to hold your feet, a universe to lift your gaze, a heart beating - constant, in the center of it all.
Joseph Conrad|He lived then before me, he lived as much as he had ever lived---a shadow insatiable of splendid appearances, of frightful realities, a shadow darker than the shadow of the night, and draped nobly in the folds of a gorgeous eloquence. The vision seemed to enter the house with me---the stretcher, the phantom-bearers, the wild crowd of obedient worshipers, the gloom of the forests, the glitter of the reach between the murky bends, the beat of the drum regular and muffled like the beating of a heart, the heart of a conquering darkness.
Matthew 6:21, NIV|For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Two|My last thought before falling asleep last night was a realisation that I was falling in love with Andrew. Well, not me exactly. My stupid, traitorous heart.
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|If anyone has made you feel invisible or less-than, write a new narrative on your heart.
G. Neri, Tru & Nelle|Tru, this is your home. You are my blood kin, my second cousin thrice removed. But blood kin's not the most important kin. Do you know what is?" "No, sir." "Love kin. And that comes from the heart. That's why this is your home.
Jane Bulos|Everytime I share Jesus Christ, I feel like a superhero!
Trae R. Miller|we have faith to sit in a chair, and continue to believe in its foundation that holds us up. If we have faith in God, the foundation will hold us both up, so its our decision to take the seat and trust him.
E. Horne and J. Comeau|I love you the way a knife loves a heart, the way a bomb loves a crowd, the way your mother warned you about, essentially.
William Gibson|The heart is a muscle. You 'know' in your limbic system. The seat of instinct. The mammalian brain. Deeper, wider, beyond logic. That is where advertising works, not in the upstart cortex. What we think of as 'mind' is only a sort of jumped-up gland, piggybacking on the reptilian brainstem and the older, mammalian mind, but our culture tricks us into recognizing it as all of consciousness. The mammalian spreads continent-wide beneath it, mute and muscular, attending its ancient agenda. And makes it buy things.
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|A pure heart is a powerful heart." ~ Dr. MaryAnn Diorio
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|As we should not own our duties further than somewhat of Christ is in them, so should we no further our own hearts ; and as we should delight in the creatures no further than they have reference to Christ and eternity, so should we no further approve of our own hearts (483).
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Two|I think he won a tiny piece of my heart that day. If he didn't have the whole damn thing before then, he certainly had part of it now.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book One|When I opened the door, Andrew was standing there like a remedy for heart palpitations. Or maybe he made them worse. It was hard to tell.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|It began with your eyes cast down, and mine looking right at you,I watched you rule out hundreds of questions and accept only mine. I poured my stories into your eager heart, and you sparked faith inside the stubbornness of mine. Our beginning was written in the stars—how could it not be?
Osho, Intimacy: Trusting Oneself and the Other|I cannot conceive that the man who dropped the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki was a machine. He also had a heart, just like you. He also had his wife and children, his old mother and father. He was as much a human being as you are—with a difference. He was trained to follow orders without questioning, and when the order was given, he simply followed it.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|But still, my heart beats. It dreams. It wonders. And most dangerous of all, it hopes, because despite its smallness, this hope is still a great something
Tullian Tchividjian, One Way Love:  Inexhaustible Grace for an Exhausted World|The apostle Paul claimed the Law is written on the 'fleshy tables' of the human heart (2 Cor. 3:3 KJV). What he meant are these 'shoulds' and 'shouldn'ts' are both instinctual and inescapable, part of our DNA. They are a psychological reality. We may justify our actions away, but deep down, we know when we've done something wrong.
F. Sionil José, Ben Singkol|She was benediction, a touch of faith, life itself coursing through my veins collapsed in age and turmoil, and to my fatigued and weary heart, a new and vibrant throb.
Saru Singhal|They are many wounded hearts here. Many! Some admit. Others - the stubborn ones, scribble poetry instead.
Saru Singhal|No, I don't have a heart of gold. It's normal - the one that gets hurt by rude words and broken promises.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|I want you to send a hundred red balloons up into the sky every Fourth of July and make everyone who sees them wonder what the story behind them is all about. Let me live on inside of a made up story, Callum Andrew
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|I had an abnormal heart, the kind that stretched like a rubber-band and weakened with every tug I allowed someone to have
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|When we practise self-compassion, we look after ourselves just as though we are nurturing a small child. In fact, a major part of grieving our original pain work (so that we can heal and be emotionally liberated) is to re-parent ourselves and reconnect with our inner child. This is what the author, John Bradshaw, meant by ‘reclaiming our inner child’. In recovery, we can begin to nurture our inner child and connect deeply with our heart and spirit.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Usually if you pray from the heart, you get an answer—the phone rings or the mail comes, and light gets in through the cracks, so you can see the next right thing to do. That’s all you need.
Tiffany Reisz, The Angel|At moments like this, he was lost to himself, lost in the shadows that hid beneath his heart. Rarely did he let himself go and when he did it was only with her.
Eowyn Ivey, The Snow Child|She told no one of the otter. Garrett would want to trap it; Faina would ask her to draw it. She refused to confine it by any means because, in some strange way, she knew it was her heart. Living, twisting muscle beneath bristly damp fur. Breaking through thin ice, splashing in cold creek water, sliding belly-down across snow. Joyful, though it should have known better.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Only God can put Scripture inside. But reading sacred text can put it on your hearts, and then when your hearts break, the holy words will fall inside.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Truth is felt in the heart. This is why your heart should always be your ultimate temple. Sitting inside on a blue towering altar, is you’re where you find your conscience. This is where all conversations with God stream.
Naya S., Still the Storm|The love in your heart is greater than all the stars the sky could even hope to have. Hold onto that love, and it will take you higher than the stars themselves.
Yaganesh Derasari|I Am Not Sherlock, But I Will Share Happiness With You And Lock you In My Heart For The Rest Of My Life.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|As we open our hearts, what we notice is that information starts opening up for us in an unfolding process, as if life were being revealed layer by layer.
Andrew     Miller, Dub Steps|I regret, most of all, my shrivelled heart. So focused on the numbers. On the maths of my personal equation. Can a man change his heart? Are there ways to improve the spirit of who you are? Of why you choose?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to be happy, listen to your heart.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|How quickly bodies came to love each other, promise themselves to each other always, without asking permission. From the mind! If only she could give up her mind, let her heart swell, inflamed, her brain stepping out for whole days, whole seasons, her work shrinking to limericks.
Criss Jami|We often use the Bible as a source for personal validation and defense, a sidekick and a shield, but these will prove ineffective without first the other part. We must also allow ourselves to be wounded by it. We tend to forget its authority - that it is a double-edged sword. Our decrepit, depraved hearts must be completely ripped out in order to welcome that of God.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|In the dull, persistent beat of her heart, she hears the rhythm of hope. It is faint and thin as a thread, but it is there.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To choose not to be part of a team or religion does not make me non-religious; for my religion is Truth and I am very much in love with God. I do not need to align myself with a specific messenger if I already understand God’s message. And the way I think is not considered ‘New Age’, since common sense is not new. So long as you act and speak with love and truth in you, and are good to your fellow man — in that you treat everybody as you would want yourself to be treated, your heart will stand by God regardless of the label you have assigned to your mind.
Hamza Aslam|Everyone has a heart, but not everyone listens to another's
Somya Kedia|With every moment of heart ache,I get a little closer to 'Acceptance' somehow,Denying to expect what's best,But to approve it's the best for now!
Debolina Bhawal|Love is in heart, not in our brains...
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Stand up for your conscience. Use light to reveal what is concealed in the darkness. Use truth to fight the lies, and the heart to fight the mind.
Kamand Kojouri|She placed her hand on her chest and thought, 'So this is what the poets write about'.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I almost moved mountains, touched rivers, impressed deserts and motivated skies, but I never made it to your heart.
Bryonie Wise|I hereby break all contracts I made unconsciously & consciously before I knew the depth of my own Spirit; the silent ones, the ones I inherited, passed down & accepted as my own from generation to generation.I hereby severe all ties with that which holds me down & back, unable to see the glimmer of what I know to be true, whether by my own creation or by expectations tied like weights around my ankles by others lost in the sea of their own confused hearts.I hereby reclaim my right to choose how my story unfolds, armed with creativity, a heart made of gold & reverent humility.I hereby fully accept all of this living & what-is-yet-to-come with brash integrity & loving determination.I hereby swear to use my superpowers for the love of all beings & I return anything that no longer serves my Higher & Lower Self (& the ones Caught-in-Between) with gratitude & consciousness.I do this all with love, from the great source of it found in my very own beating heart.
Gregory Orr|Maybe she loved me,maybe not –who knows?Not even the godscan see intoa human heart –it’s that dark.
Manuela George-Izunwa|Guard your heart:Mysterious things happen in there.Stand as the watchman of your soul,And be careful about what you let in.For, therefrom, come all your life's issues.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Precious Princess|He does not need to be an emperor, but a prince.If he has enough charm or elegance to convince.
Angie karan|Always listen to your HEART. The wisdom of your heart is the connection to your authentic power — the true home of your spirit. Quieten your inner critic, and be still... In serenity you see and feel this power. The most essential dimension within us. The essence of who we really are. To tap in and connect to this SACRED place, it brings you to a conscious of the impermanence and divine essence of everything you truly are. Knowing yourself deeply, is to be rooted in Being. A sense of JOY. Tap in to your heart, and listen. Its higher consciousness will whisper to you intuitively.
blank text|I loved you, I trusted you, but you lied to me, deceived my heart and poisoned my life.Now I'm corrupt, I hurt people all in rage of you, but I can't help it.I'm nothing to you now, never was, but your acting still made it hurt. So thanks to you, I hate you too, but my heart will always cry.
Dimitri Debaene|Distance is but metrics, unmeasurable is the heart
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind shouts, while heart whispers!
Timothy J. Keller|The Bible teaches that the human struggle happens within a single entity — the human heart. The main human struggle is not between the heart and something else, but between forces that tear it in different directions. The great battle is deciding to what your heart’s greatest love, hope, and trust will be directed
Arliss Sanchez|Love someone for the beat of their heart and the sound of their soul" ~ Silra
Paul Russell, The Salt Point|Chris is a little ashamed of having once fallen for him: it makes him sad how everything changes, how ruthless the heart can be.
Rose Fall, Heart: A Romantic Short Story Collection|In high school, she’d been the loner fat girl and I’d been the asshole jock. There had always been something between us; we had gotten on so easily. I remember being both confused and upset that when I’d finally experienced that thing everyone called chemistry, it had been with her of all people.
Angie karan|Integrity, undivided loyalty, love. The pure in heart have a special blessing. Because there is no limit to how good life can become.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Get in touch with your inner most desire and aspirations, then utilise the power of your heart to create a life of bliss.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The heart provides the intuitive desires, for the mind to focus upon then achieve them.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Learn about the true powers of your heart, it’s not just pulsing blood throughout your entire body, but also communicating with every cell including those of your mind.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Achieving your heart’s desire is the key to living a life of bliss, bring your heart alive with a passion for living.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The heart has the ability to drive your reality, put into action by your thoughts and intuition.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Utilise the combined power of creative consciousness of the heart, mind and higher self to manifest, modify and manage your total reality. Create a state of Bliss where everything is in perfect balance.
Ron Baratono|There’s a reason we’ll all end up with just a handful of true friends in our life. These are the people that have taken the time to look at our heart, so despite any flaws they're forever in our lives.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Reach out for, then embrace your heart consciousness.
K.A. Hill|My heart is your home, wherever in the world you are – you will always have a place to stay.
Jo Victor, Romance by the Book|Cam knew that if she succeeded, it was going to destroy her, but she could worry about that later. All she had to do at the moment was cut her own heart out without letting the wound show too much; she'd have plenty of time to bleed after Alex had gone.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The heart is not only the location of the 4th chakra, located at the centre of your chakra system, but also the centre of your conscious universe and is able to create and define life in its true essence.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The mind is wired by society, the heart is wired by your deepest desires for a blissful life.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Reach out for, then embrace your heart consciousness, tap into The Power of The Heart.
Virginia Alison|Loving passionately, loving fiercely, loving and taking both good and bad, and at times, the damn near impossible, provides sweet chaos, fueling the pitter patter of the heart...
A. Zavarelli, Echo|His heart is the rhythm, mine is the echo.
John Mark Green|I am no blank slate for love to write on.My heart has walls marred with cracks,bloodstains, and bullet holes;graffitied over by past lovers.
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|My heart is a compass, and it always leads me back to you.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|We were both smiling, in that bittersweet way one does when imagining something the heart longs for and the head would dread.
Bryonie Wise, HEART ROAR: A Book of Tiny Prayers|Sometimes,I doubt the courage My bones are made ofAnd then,A breath finds her way inAnd her way outThe half-way-almost-full moonSmiles down;My heart sighsAnd quietly whispers:I remember.
Bryonie Wise, HEART ROAR: A Book of Tiny Prayers|And then,There was a loveShining so bright,That even the darkest partOf our heartsFelt the warmth
Kemi Sogunle|Love is a choice. You can choose to love or hurt but the consequences you suffer will always be based on the choice you make. No one can force you to choose from the two but the state of your heart, soul and mind determines the one you lean towards. Remember, with hurt you can destroy but with love you can CONQUER!
Bryonie Wise, HEART ROAR: A Book of Tiny Prayers|choose your words well(be honest, be true)butabove all else,be kind
J.D. Robb, Seduction in Death|Say what you said before again. The Irish thing. I want to say it back to you."He smiled. Took her hand. "You'll never pronounce it.""Yes, I will."Still smiling, he said it slowly, waited for her to fumble through. But her eyes stayed steady and serious as she brought his hand to her heart, laid hers on his, and repeated the words.She saw emotion move over his face. His heart leaped hard against her hand. "You undo me, Eve."He sat up, dropped his brow against hers. "Thank God for you," he murmured in a voice gone raw. "Thank God for you.
Adrienne Rich, Storm Warnings|Storm WarningsThe glass has been falling all the afternoon, And knowing better than the instrument What winds are walking overhead, what zone Of grey unrest is moving across the land, I leave the book upon a pillowed chair And walk from window to closed window, watching Boughs strain against the skyAnd think again, as often when the air Moves inward toward a silent core of waiting, How with a single purpose time has traveled By secret currents of the undiscerned Into this polar realm. Weather abroad And weather in the heart alike come on Regardless of prediction.Between foreseeing and averting change Lies all the mastery of elements Which clocks and weatherglasses cannot alter. Time in the hand is not control of time, Nor shattered fragments of an instrument A proof against the wind; the wind will rise, We can only close the shutters.I draw the curtains as the sky goes black And set a match to candles sheathed in glass Against the keyhole draught, the insistent whine Of weather through the unsealed aperture. This is our sole defense against the season; These are the things we have learned to do Who live in troubled regions.
Debasish Mridha|With the wind of love, let your heart dance like a flower.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|The human heart is so delicate and sensitive that it always needs some tangible encouragement to prevent it from faltering in its labor. The human heart is so robust, so tough, that once encouraged it beats its rhythm with a loud unswerving insistency.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|When someone forces you - he unkindly borrows- he does not, can not own you- Remember your body, spirit and heart are yours and only yours, and when you start to process your sexual abuse you will get it all back.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|The rose I gave you was an emblem of myheart,' said she; 'would you take it away andleave me here alone?' 'Would you give me your hand too, if I askedit?' 'Have I not said enough?
Erin Hunter, Sign of the Moon|Destiny isn't a path that any cat follows blindly. It is always a matter of choice, and sometimes the heart speaks loudest.
Patrick Ness|Your stomach isn't the boss of you,' Mel says evenly.'Oh,' Jared says, realizing. 'Sorry-'Mel shakes her head, brushing it off. 'Not what I meant. Your heart isn't the boss of you other. Thinks it is. Isn't. You can always choose. Always.''You can't choose not to feel,' Henna says.'But you can choose how to act.
Erin Hunter, Fading Echoes|We shall miss Leopardstar. I remember her from all the way back when I was an apprentice in ThunderClan. I always respected her, and, though her loyalty to RiverClan never wavered, she was a leader who understood the importance of keeping every Clan strong. She had the heart, courage, and strength of the mighty cat she was named for.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|I bunch Rachel's hair in my fist. The silky strands rub the spot between my fingers and I press my lips to her head. My heart hurts and soars and hurts again, all at the same time. I said I love her. Love her.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|What was that? Valentine's Day? Her heart gave a little skip at the thought, she had never spent it in a romantic way before, usually the day meant sending and receiving cute Cupid cards and heart shaped sugar candies, but it was all in a platonic celebration of friendship. This time, it would not be like that, it would be ... special.
Dan Davin, Breathing Spaces|Our passing interrupted the road crossing, and the crowd bunched on both sides waited for us to go by as we all waited for the war to go by, thinking we can suspend or postpone living and not knowing that in war the heart grows older than it does in dreams
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Nothing is sweeter than being unapologetically you. Don't live your life just to impress others. Reveal your truth, Express your love, Live your dreams.
Debasish Mridha|When the heart hurts, tears find their way.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Là-Bas|The heart, said to be man’s noblest organ, has the same shape as the penis, commonly supposed the most ignoble; the symbolism is not inappropriate, because the love which comes from the heart soon extends to the organ which it resembles.
A.D. Posey|As long as it comes from the heart, in the end, it will be good.
A.D. Posey|Write truthfully, write from the heart, and your words will live.
Christine Feehan, Dark Magic|The storm is passing over us. Do you want to go to the bayou this night?” he asked softly, separating her hair deftly and beginning to weave it into a thick braid. She loved the feel of his hands in her hair, his fingers massaging her scalp, tugging so gently on the thick length of braid. She reached up to place a palm over her bare shoulder, the exact spot where his lips had touched her. “I would love to go to the bayou with you.” He smiled at her, his silver eyes molten mercury. “We can observe wildlife for a change. No vampires.” “No weird society types,” she added. “No mortals in need of rescuing,” Gregori said with intense satisfaction. “Get dressed.” “You’re always taking my clothes off, then telling me to get dressed again,” Savannah complained with her infuriating smile, that little sexy one that drove him mad. He turned her around to face him, caught the front of her shirt, and drew the gaping edges together to cover her tempting body. “You cannot expect me to dress you myself, do you?” he asked, leaning down to brush her lips with his. She actually felt her heart jump in response. Or maybe it was his heart. It was nearly impossible to tell the difference anymore.
Nikki Rowe|So many went on a quest to tame her, The only man to win her heart was the one Who was also free.
Jenn Bennett, The Anatomical Shape of a Heart|Hey, Bex?” Jack said as he grated. “Just so we’re clear, if we were alone, I’d probably kiss you right now.”I gave him a swift glance as the hallway laughter made its way back to the kitchen. “Just so we’re clear, I’d probably let you.
merlin8thomas|I AM NOT QUICK,NOT STRONG AS A BRICK,ME NEVER HAPPINESS PICK,IN MY DECISION I STICK,PEOPLE TRY TO TRICK,BUT MY HEART IS THICK.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|There are struggles you cannot win, but a man can meet his own heart if value is found in loss. Give yourself permission to cry.
Ron Baratono|Dear God,I asked that you clear my mind of any negative thoughts so my heart can run free; so I may look at the world with a clearer understanding of your beautiful creation. Cleanse my heart dear God so I may always look through the wonder light you shine upon us. In Jesus name Amen.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I am convinced that when a man sincerely searches for God with all his heart, God will reveal Himself in some way.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Reading the Bible has a purifying effect upon the heart and mind. As you read, the Holy Spirit will enlighten the passages for you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A true messenger lives a burdened life. If he is the Lord’s vessel, he carries in his heart a burden for souls none can share but those who know it firsthand.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The heart of man, though small, is big enough for Christ to live in, if man will only make room for Him.
Alexander McCall Smith, At the Reunion Buffet|She had always understood that love could have an intense physical effect; could fill a space somewhere in the chest, could turn knees weak, could raise the pulse; could intoxicate, just as could a strong martini or a glass of champagne. Could, she thought, and would…but only if you allowed it, only if you opened whatever portals of the heart needed to be opened. And some people, of course, found it difficult to do that.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Two conflicting forces cannot exist in one human heart. When doubt reigns, faith cannot abide. Where hatred rules, love is crowded out. Where selfishness rules, there love cannot dwell.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man himself is helpless to detach himself from the gnawing guilt of a heart weighed down with the guilt of sin. But where man has failed, God has succeeded.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t ever hesitate to take to [God] whatever is on your heart. He already knows it anyway, but He doesn’t want you to bear its pain or celebrate its joy alone.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The heart symbolizes the center of our moral, spiritual, and intellectual life. It is the seat of our conscience and life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When Scripture talks about the heart, it’s not talking about that life-sustaining muscle. It’s talking about our entire inner being. The heart is the seat of our emotions, the seat of decisive action, and the seat of belief (as well as doubt).
Andrei Tarkovsky|My objective is to create my own world and these images which we create mean nothing more than the images which they are. We have forgotten how to relate emotionally to art: we treat it like editors, searching in it for that which the artist has supposedly hidden. It is actually much simpler than that, otherwise art would have no meaning. You have to be a child—incidentally children understand my pictures very well, and I haven’t met a serious critic who could stand knee-high to those children. We think that art demands special knowledge; we demand some higher meaning from an author, but the work must act directly on our hearts or it has no meaning at all.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|The heart, once broken, stayed broken.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|To fall in love twice, with the same person, you need to grow another heart. That's all I do in my secret underground laboratory at night...
merlin8thomas|WHEN I WAS LOST IN DARKNESS,I FELT MYSELF LIKE ARMLESS,MY HEART BECOME HOPELESS,ALL I HAD WAS MY WEAKNESS,TILL I FIND MORNING BRIGHTNESS
Luke  Taylor, The Quiet Kill|He'd failed them, the swimming goldfish of his life's tiny existence whom he held so dear in his heart; he'd turned his muses into mistakes and no one knew the difference but him.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|We spend so much time trying to change others – in part – because we do not deeply believe in and embrace ourselves as we already are. And so more often than not we do not learn to trust and utilize our gifts and power whole-heartedly enough to pursue and fulfill our own passions, purpose and possibilities.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Even if all our senses fail to function − eyes turn blind and ears fail to listen − the heart will still listen, see and beat.
Ron Baratono|May there never be a haze over your eyes, and allow you to look at your life just the way you planned it. Through the bumps, twist and turns in your journey, let it make you wiser. Embrace life's lessons with gratitude and appreciation, and then move forward with an open heart and mind.
Jay Woodman|I don't mind what you call yourself, so long as your heart is being true to you.
Debasish Mridha|When your heart is calm and filled with love, you will not be touched by stress or anxieties.
Adedayo Olabamiji|When wisdom overrides, our heart produces immense ideas with solution
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|I am not a broken heart,and I am not your fault.
Robin Beth Schaer, Shipbreaking|Current / is the cure for both a stopped heart / and one that beats too much. / And if it must be shocked twice, / the surgeons call it a reluctant heart.
John Mark Green|Strangely incurious, her lovers from before. She has worlds within I'm longing to explore.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE NAKED HEARTFrom womb to tomb,There came and went -Only you.Poor or rich,You will die withOnly you.All the wealth you harvestIn the living,Will go to others when you are dead.But the true test of a lion of God -Is to keep giving with your own hands,Before you rest in your final bed.
Karen Quan, liQUID PROse QUOtes|When your heart starts to feel full again. I love FREE refills, and if a restaurant tries to double charge me, I refuse to write a love poem on their Yelp page.-Karen Quan and Jarod Kintz
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|A heart like mine, which never got any kind of affection growing up, is terrible above all things.
Silas House & Neela Vaswani, Same Sun Here|That's what it means to be an American. To be free to love who and what you want, and to keep a lot in your heart at once.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|If you lock the door on sorrow,how will it leave your heart?
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|I got a heart like a half bottle of no-label whiskey.Nothing to brag on,but enough for you, and all your friends, too.
Konrad von Gesner|Best of all is to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|I have a kind heart, I’m in love. It gets deeper with every kiss and every hug.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Poetry is more than just art, it’s like super glue to a broken heart. It can also be a light when your life seems a little dark.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Hearts everywhere bear scars of one form of hurt or the other, and it is necessary to keep this in mind when trying to understand why a person is the way he or she is.
Raven Frost|Sting my heart, but don't rip it apart.
John Mark Green|She thirsted for love, but found only a mirage. Some hearts are a desert you can die wandering in.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|Nothing much bothered you for a while and you kept walking like a silhouette through this town, saying hi’s and goodbyes, acting polite at all times. But there is no fire in your heart; you are not very concerned.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|The void inside me starts to fill, but my heart has holes, and whatever it holds will run out, leaving me empty once again.
John Mark Green|I want to hold you close, skin on skin, and let our heartbeats have a conversation.
John Mark Green|I walk these lonely streets at dark. Just me and the night; crowded head, empty heart.
John Mark Green|When life gets dark, that's when stars appear among us. Shine bright, beautiful ones. Throw light from your burning hearts.
John Mark Green|When I lean my ear up against your seashell heart, I can hear an ocean of love roaring inside.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|I took him to the river and said “let’s watch something drown,” So he took a stoneand I took my necklaceand we threw it all together,the way I always think I will get better in July. Things will change and sounds won’t acheand I gave my heart to uncertainty so many times, and so I took him to the river,threw the necklace in the river to slowly watch it drown, or burn, or fade awaylike I’ve done so many times.
John Mark Green|And if we never visit Paris, that's okay. Your heart is my exotic destination every day.
John Mark Green|The door to her heart was locked up tight, but he could still see a faint glow escaping through the keyhole.
John Mark Green|You rang my heart like a church bell at midnight. Trembling, I awoke to the sweet sound of love.
Luke  Taylor, Shatterpoint Alpha|The sound of diesel fuel rushing through grimy pistons and cylinders below a morning-fogged window bored through his ears like a deep-water drill bit, and the thump of his own heartbeat cursed him for breaking one of his many rules.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Those who cannot conquer must bend the knee. They must find strength, or serve those of us who have. You are my generals. I will send you out: my hunting dogs, my wolves with iron teeth. When a city closes its gates in fear, you will destroy it. When they make roads and walls, you will cut them, pull down the stones. When a man raises a sword or bow against your men, you will hang him from a tree. Keep Karakorum in your minds as you go. This white city is the heart of the nation, but you are the right arm, the burning brand. Find me new lands, gentlemen. Cut a new path. Let their women weep a sea of tears and I will drink it all.
David Brown Jr., Letters for Lucia: 8 Principles for Navigating Adversity|When we begin to view our experiences through the lens of gratitude, our heart, mind and spirit naturally expand.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Everything is talking to you. If you have a listening heart, you will be able to hear it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We are often given pills or fluids to help remedy illness, yet little has been taught to us about the power of smell to do the exact same thing. It is known that the scent of fresh rosemary increases memory, but this cure for memory loss is not divulged by doctors to help the elderly. I also know that the most effective use of the blue lotus flower is not from its dilution with wine or tea – but from its scent. To really maximize the positive effects of the blue lily (or the pink lotus), it must be sniffed within minutes of plucking. This is why it is frequently shown being sniffed by my ancient ancestors on the walls of temples and on papyrus. Even countries across the Orient share the same imagery. The sacred lotus not only creates a relaxing sensation of euphoria, and increases vibrations of the heart, but also triggers genetic memory - and good memory with an awakened heart ushers wisdom.
John Mark Green|Who was it that hurt you,stole light out of your eyes?Cut a hole in your heartand let the love drain dry?Who was so damn careless,to leave you with such scars?Where will you find healing?Right here, within my arms.
John Mark Green|With rough hands and gentle heart, I'll seduce you. You will feel my power and surrender to desire.
John Mark Green|Who was it that hurt you, stole the light out of your eyes? Cut a hole in your heart and let the love drain dry? Who was so damn careless, to leave you with such scars? Where will you find healing? Right here, within my arms.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|A karate practitioner should possess two things : wicked hands, and Buddha's heart
John Mark Green|My heart had been a darkened room for so very long, but then you found the light switch.
John Mark Green|Even when your heart is blue, I'll safely hold it. I really don't mind these indigo-stained hands.
John Mark Green|UnsightlyIf I strip my heart naked, you'll see all the unsightly scars, I'm afraid.
Debasish Mridha|I love you not because I need you, but because you have created a place in my heart for you.
Augustine of Hippo|O Holy Spirit, descend plentifully into my heart. Enlighten the dark corners of this neglected dwelling and scatter there Thy cheerful beams.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|Go for the love that sets you free, not the love that destroys you from inside.
Steven Magee, Health Forensics|After a decade of working in high altitude astronomy the medical profession discovered that I had a hole in my heart, erratic low blood oxygen levels and brain issues. Heart, lung and brain problems appear to be long term known adverse health aspects of high altitude work and unnatural electromagnetic radiation exposures.
Steven Magee, Health Forensics|The summit of Mauna Kea should never have been developed as it is not safe for humans up there. I am now locked into an endless loop of doctors visits for what appears to be classic very high altitude heart, lung & brain damage because I was unfortunate enough to have worked there.
Joyce Guo|I rip out my wings I so I can't be free, I rip up my wounds so it doesn't heal, if I rip out my heart does this mean I can't feel
Munia Khan|When you run out of love, it’s really hard to understand whether you have lost your heart or your heart has lost you…
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The people of today would rather stand next to a man with no substance but covered in gold, rather than the man with substance and wisdom of gold. What if God was dressed as a carpenter with dirty nails and beaten boots? Would you recognize your Maker? Would you give him your time? Your vote? A cup of tea or water? Only those with truth in them will recognize truth. And you must learn to recognize all that is untrue to get the truth.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|No one will retrieve my lost heartamidst so many roots, in the bitter freshnessof the sun multiplied by the fury of the water,there the shadow lives that does not travel with me.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|God sits on a blue throne called the vena cava. There is no need for a temple to communicate or pray to him. His truths travel from his seat over a purple bridge in your heart, also known as your conscience. Your conscience is where his wisdom shines. A crystal embedded within a fold of your pulmonary trunk acts as a transmitter and receiver. God is closer than you think. In your heart, is his truth and light.
Nicholaa Spencer|I write romance stories and although I want it to be a beautiful work of art, I am afraid that I will live in the story I created in my mind. It's all in my mind I know, but sometimes, the romance becomes too ideal and realistic for me that I soon fall for the hero that was just a product of my imagination. I think that is both an fearful obstacle and a proof that somehow, you are succeeding to touch a reader's heart - even if it is yours.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Her beauty effortlessly managed to arrest the pulse of each heart at the office and keep it in a dreamlike cage where she could have a look at each at her will and derive pleasure which, it had to be said, was a touch malicious in nature.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|This is where the whole thing entered into a vicious cycle, for her proximity always inebriated the hearts, thus only deepening their desire to remain hostages in the cage so that they could booze even more on that beauty.
Binta Userkaf, Itchikan: 'til death do us part|I love you because you're you. Neither of us are perfect, but if we put the tiny bit of perfection that we do have together and choose to learn from either others imperfections, that makes us as a whole, perfect. It's like putting together a broken heart. One half can't be a full heart without the other half.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Don’t mention me about your religion! Show me your heart! If you have the heart of an innocent child, you have the best religion, even if you are a nonbeliever!
Matthew Donnelly|Life is an experiment, experiment by sending as many ideas in the universe and see which idea takes off and put your heart into that.
Nicholaa Spencer|I write romance stories and although I want it to be a beautiful work of art, I am afraid that I will live in the story I created in my mind. It's all in my mind I know, but sometimes, the romance becomes too ideal and realistic for me that I soon fall for the hero that was just a product of my imagination. I think that is both a fearful obstacle and a proof that somehow, you are succeeding to touch a reader's heart - even if it is yours.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The best art is not always the most popular art, and the most popular art is never truly the best art. The best art is that which is streamed through God. And the worst art is that which is void of God. The master artist of the universe is the Creator of All Things, and his reflection is in all of us. Only the artist who is aware that he is a reflection of that greatness, and that creativity is supreme love, is a true divine artist. Even if he is not the most popular artist, he will be very popular among the stars of His universe. That is the master artist, one who uses his talents to serve as a vehicle of God. In his work, you hear God's voice and see with His eyes.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|All men and women on earth were created with two eyes. The left eye represents the moon (mind/ego) and the right eye represents the sun (heart/conscience). Both eyes represent the duality of human nature. The sun represents the light in the heart of man, and the moon represents the darkness in the mind of man. When you read in ancient and religious scriptures that the enemy of humanity will surface with only one eye, this simply means that this being will only see through his left eye and neglect the right. And without the light of the right eye, this being will be very dark and evil.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It does not matter what religion you are, so long as your conscience guides your words and actions. We are all reflections of God means we are all reflections of his image — which is LIGHT. There is only one God and that is the cosmic heart of the universe — whatever you choose to call him or her. The heart within us is what connects us to God (the heart of the universe). This super basic concept is preached in all religions. God is TRUTH and LIGHT, and only through your conscience do you connect to him. Any person who does not use their conscience is very disconnected from God. Because again, the language of light can only be decoded by the heart.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|When you're having what you feel like is a "bad day" and then someone comes along out of nowhere and extends to you the simplest of kind gestures, you feel it so deeply within your heart.
Robley Wilson|I wish in the city of your heartyou would let me be the streetwhere you walk when you are mostyourself. I imagine the houses:It has been raining, but the rainis done and the children kept homehave begun opening their doors.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|…having once seen him put forth his strength in battle, methinks I could know him again among a thousand warriors. He rushes into the fray as if he were summoned to a banquet. There is more than mere strength—there seems as if the whole soul and spirit of the champion were given to every blow which he deals upon his enemies. God assoilzie him of the sin of bloodshed! It is fearful, yet magnificent, to behold how the arm and heart of one man can triumph over hundreds.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|Not with a club, the Heart is brokenNor with a Stone –A Whip so small you could not see itI've known
Theodore Dreiser|When the distraction of the tongue is removed, the heart listens.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|I want to towel off, leave my heart on this beach and walk the sand into a lake of stars, while never looking back.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|To teach you need books, to educate you need heart.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|May the hopes of your heart and dreams of your eyes keep turning into realities. To all women out there: The more you progress, the more humanity progresses.
Criss Jami, Healology|The funny thing about the heart is a soft heart is a strong heart, and a hard heart is a weak heart.
Derek Hough|You didn't earn your heart; you didn't pay for it. It was given to you as a gift. So take advantage of it, enjoy it, and treat yourself the best way possible. A lot of us are just getting through or managing. Raise your standards. Grow, progress, push yourself, and in turn you will love yourself more. And when you love yourself more, you can love others.
Manprit Kaur|Always remember, that YOU are the most beautiful woman in the world. Your weight, your height, your eyes, your scars, your idiosyncrasies, your complexion, and your sartorial choices have nothing to do with beauty. The mirror lies darling. It does. Your heart is where all the beauty rests. And of course, it’s your smile that sprinkles a dash of magic! The world is a better place because of your gorgeous smile. Never walk out without a smile on our face, a zing in your step, and a high dose of faith in your heart.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Only the beautiful can acknowledge all that is beautiful, and only the ugly can acknowledge all that is ugly as being beautiful.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No ornament can make a person look beautiful if the person has a bad heart! A good heart is the finest ornament, the best makeup, the best cloth, the best jewel, the best lipstick and the best earring!
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|Collaboration is an inside-out mindset. It has to start on the inside, with the Heart.
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|When your heart is right, you want to bring out the best in others.
Manprit Kaur|There are people who know where they want to be, and also have a roadmap in their mind, about how to get there. But something stops them! They either keep waiting for better circumstances, or simply lack the courage to give up the comfort of a secure life. For them, the pursuit of their purpose is a risky proposition. Often, those are the same people that die with the weight of regrets. Those are the people who feel unfulfilled or unworthy at the end of their journey. They bury their dreams for the sake of a safe life, without ever venturing into the world of possibilities. But the truth is that if you risk nothing for the pursuit of your passion, you risk more. An even deeper reality is that there’s never a perfect time; the most ideal and opportune time is the time when YOU choose to begin your journey. Find courage to take the first step today. Your age, your pace, or your handicap doesn’t matter. Nothing is insurmountable if you have passion and persistence – your heart knows this. You simply have to convince your mind to play along. Find your moments of courage – the times when you feel strong, able, and energized. Tap those moments to launch yourself; the world beckons!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Work hard to gain the heart of the people; if you gain it, you will gain everything else!
Ahmed Alibage|Words work like keys. When you use them appropriately, you can unlock any locked heart.
Andrea Gibson|Do you think that anger is a sincere emotion, or just the timid motion of a fragile heart trying to beat away its pain?
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|With time, the hurt would begin to fade away, but not the memories.
Restu Ilahi|My mouth could say goodbye, but not with my heart
Adwitiya Borah, The Wrong Vantage Point|Sometimes, you've got to forget life's lessons, trust your heart and give 'mistake' a second chance.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When exercising gifted will-power, move boldly without hesitation. The reward for such decisiveness is increased confidence in what the heart knows, which the mind does not feel
Laurel Hawkes|Too often, people are trying to fill the God-size hole in their heart with a person instead of God. A person is too small and too imperfect and will never be able to do it. Once God fills it, then there's plenty of room for the right person.
Sanjo Jendayi, I Now Pronounce You Single & Happy|A woman’s heart is her prized possession and if she shares it with you, consider yourself blessed. It is vital to her very being; it has the capability to pump life-giving love into every living cell of your body. It can make a man believe he can fly. It can be like water to a man dying of thirst. It has the ability to keep both of you breathing when one’s breath is taken away by life’s ups and downs. In order for it to achieve these awe inspiring feats, a man must do his part to keep her heart beating for him. Because of her heart’s vital role in sustaining the relationship, if you play with her heart and it stops beating for you…it most certainly will result in the death of the relationship. In order for her heart to deliver this life-giving love to all of your cells, a love equally as strong must be pumped into every fiber of her being. That love must be capable of purifying the bad blood she has taken in throughout the day that took her breath away and bring pure love back to her heart. In this way it is a continuous cycle allowing reciprocal life-giving love to flow between the two of you sustaining the very life of your relationship.
Laurel Hawkes|Too often, people are trying to fill the God-size hole in their heart with a person instead of God. A person is too small and too imperfect andwill never be able to do it. Once God fills it, then there's plenty of room for the right person.
Amira -Fadil|In your hearts ,you will always find water and flames ,when the flames get out of control ,you need to give them some water ,it's like you have to find the perfect by balancing the fire and water in your hearts for a honest ,truthful life.
Adwitiya Borah, The Wrong Vantage Point|Sometimes, you've got to forget life's lessons, trust your heart and give'mistake' a second chance.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|What she really meant was: here is my heart, have a care.
Jay Woodman|I constantly yearn to celebrate life & its infinite manifestations, to examine the details of everything including the human heart & mind.
Allyvanderaar|if hope is in mine heart, lost pays every day a visit to make me insecure and waits to sweep me of mine feet. if lost is in mine heart, hope waits on every corner for me to hug me untill the lost is beat.
Gordon B. Hinckley|The things of God are understood by the Spirit of God. That Spirit is real. To those who have experienced its workings, the knowledge so gained is as real as that received through the operation of the five senses. I testify of this. I am confident that each of you can testify of it. I urge you to continue throughout your lives to cultivate a heart in tune with the Spirit. If you do so, your lives will be enriched. You will feel a kinship with God our Eternal Father. You will taste the sweetness of joy that can be had in no other way.
Steven Magee|My Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS) appeared to be caused by blood clots in the brain which had to be flushed out to cure it. The mystery was why I had the blood clots there, which recently was solved by the medical profession as I have a hole in my heart that creates them. It is estimated that 25% of the population have a hole in their heart and Atrial Septal Defect (ASD) may be one of the triggers for the onset of EHS in a person.
Steven Magee|The amount of people I met that had heart problems surprised me in high altitude astronomy. I had not seen it in other fields. After a decade of working at high altitudes, I was also diagnosed with a heart problem.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Some people will follow their minds without listening to their hearts, and others will follow their hearts without listening to their minds. This is why reason exists, for there to be balance between the heart and mind. We were not meant to follow the mind and ignore the heart. Instead, we were meant to follow the heart over the mind, but without completely abandoning logic. The middle way is the preferred way, and this path simply means to allow your heart to drive you, but do not forget to balance reason with your conscience.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You do not attain success when you associate with those in high positions, It comes when you accept yourself and realize that only you can take yourself to where your heart truly lies.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The battle of good versus evil is the oldest and most re-occurring story tale in the book of life. It never ends because no matter how you cut off the tail of evil, it will always grow back again and again. This old story will always continue into infinity until we closely examine our past errors to prevent giving the snake a new head in the future. You can destroy a demon, but a new one will always come back later in time. You can bring down a corrupt leader, but another one will rise up again with time. As long as the ego overcomes the heart of a man, evil will always exist, and the enemies of God will continue to multiply and thrive. If a tree is bearing bad fruit, you do not destroy the tree by cutting off its branches or eliminating its fruit, but by destroying its roots. I want you to look at the world as this poisoned tree. Even if we eliminate our enemies today, we will create new ones tomorrow. The forumla to cut off the head of the snake once and fall is very simple, and this basic solution is written in all your holy books — 'LOVE IS THE ANSWER'. The strongest counterspell to destroy all forces of black magic is love. Pure unconditional love. However, to be able to emit the right frequency of love, one must first succeed in their own personal battle of good versus evil: heart (conscience) vs. mind (ego). Once you learn how to use your heart to embrace all living things as you do your own reflection, and use your heart to detect truths and dictate your actions, your heart will not be fully activated to love all of mankind the right way. Where there is love, there will be truth and light. Take away the love or truth, and we will forever remain in the dark. Truth, light and love must all co-exist in perfect harmony to overcome evil on earth. And they cannot just be secluded to one part of the world, but reign as divine royalty across the entire globe.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|I have carried only a few ideas out of life's storm - and not one feeling. I have long lived according to the head, not the heart. I consider and analyze my personal passions and actions with a strict curiosity, but without sympathy. There are two people within me: one who lives in the full sense of the word, and the other who reasons and judges him.
Mary Balogh, The Proposal|People do understand the language of the heart, you know, even if the head does not always comprehend it.
Sunday Adelaja|Men after the heart of God become the moral conscience, the guidance and custodians of justice, not simply in the security of the four walls of their church
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|There is her heart. I've never seen one beating.I had no idea they moved so much. You put your hand on your heart and you picture something pulsing slightly but basically still, like a hand on a desktop tapping Morse code. This things is going wild in there. It's a mixing-machine part, a stoat squirming in its burrow, an alien life form that's just won a Pontiac on The Price Is Right. If you were looking for the home of the human body's animating spirit, I could imagine believing it to be here, for the simple reason that it is the human body's most animated organ.
Sunday Adelaja|Men who know God and his heart, would not hide behind their pulpit when justice is been ridiculed in their society
Sunday Adelaja|When men allow other people to ridicule, laugh and jeer at the truth, that cannot but bring sorrow to the heart of God
Sunday Adelaja|When a society begins to lack men that, that they stand up against the collapse of equity in their land that is the kind of thing that brings sorrow to the heart of our King
Pazaria Smith|Holiness is God's "special gift" to His people who believe in the finished work of Jesus Christ on the Cross. Holiness is the everyday work of the Holy Spirit in the heart and life of believers.
Ron Baratono|If you desire romance then give some it’s equally heartwarming. There’s many ways to satisfy one’s heart, and feel special.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Watch out for those who celebrate your success with bitterness in their hearts!  surely, they'll hail you for what you are, and hate you for what you have become.
Dominic Riccitello|He said he liked my rhythm. I said I liked his heartbeat, and it was within that moment I knew our corners would never meet.
Srinivas Shenoy|A wound on Heart is something that can not be treated by any medicine, but can be treated by sweet words.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|Take a shower. Wash away every trace of yesterday. Of smells. Of weary skin. Get dressed. Make coffee, windows open, the sun shining through. Hold the cup with two hands and notice that you feel the feeling of warmth.   You still feel warmth. Now sit down and get to work. Keep your mind sharp, head on, eyes on the page and if small thoughts of worries fight their ways into your consciousness: threw them off like fires in the night and keep your eyes on the track. Nothing but the task in front of you. Get off your chair in the middle of the day. Put on your shoes and take a long walk on open streets around people. Notice how they’re all walking, in a hurry, or slowly. Smiling, laughing, or eyes straight forward, hurried to get to wherever they’re going. And notice how you’re just one of them. Not more, not less. Find comfort in the way you’re just one in the crowd. Your worries: no more, no less.Go back home. Take the long way just to not pass the liquor store. Don’t buy the cigarettes. Go straight home. Take off your shoes. Wash your hands. Your face. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. It’s still beating. Still fighting. Now get back to work. Work with your mind sharp and eyes focused and if any thoughts of worries or hate or sadness creep their ways around, shake them off like a runner in the night for you own your mind, and you need to tame it. Focus. Keep it sharp on track, nothing but the task in front of you.Work until your eyes are tired and head is heavy, and keep working even after that. Then take a shower, wash off the day. Drink a glass of water. Make the room dark. Lie down and close your eyes. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. Still beating. Still fighting. You made it, after all. You made it, another day. And you can make it one more.  You’re doing just fine. You’re doing fine.I’m doing just fine.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you, your goals will shrink in the eyes of others. Envy, jealousy, and resentment will put out your flame before it grows. Never reveal what you are doing until you have accomplished it. Resentment does not only come from those close to you, but also distant strangers. Therefore, fiercely guard the passions burning inside your heart, so that their flames can safely reach the highest ceilings of success without the eyes of envy.
Ken Poirot|True beauty is a warm heart, a kind soul, and an attentive ear.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There is no light greater than truth, and it shines at the heart of all creation.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Always judge a man by the coloring of his heart and only his heart. Truth can be found in his record of actions, not intentions.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Both moths and butterflies are drawn to the light. However, they both react differently to alternate shades of it. The moth prefers the moon and detests the sun, while the butterfly loves the sun and detests the moon. If our physical compositions are made to emulate the universe, then it makes sense for some of us to have more light or darkness inside our hearts than others — or that one is drawn closer to the sun versus the moon.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|Love is the true state of the human heart. When we love, we unguard our hearts. We open ourselves up to the world with- out any restraint. When passion flows, desires stir, our earthy senses become dull, and our ethereal self becomes illumined. At this stage, we are naked, totally naked, with little or no covering of ego.
Salil Jha, Naked Soul: The Erotic Love Poems|Poetry contains few words but tells much. Its beauty is that by being condensed it is rich in meaning and open to various interpretations. Unlike prose, there is no boundary to poetry. There is nothing concrete or black and white. Poetry is mutable; it is transformative. Poetry is the alchemy of hearts. And what cannot be said in prose can sometimes be only said through poetry.
Yasmin Mogahed|Oh external worshiper, know that worship without heart is motions. Oh seeker of knowledge, know that knowledge without purification is a dangerous weapon of the ego. Oh activist, know that work without orientation of heart is fruitless. Oh lover, know that love without God is pain.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|Daemon clung to Surreal as she flew along the Winds, too weak to argue, too spent to care. His heart, however... His heart held on fiercely to Jaenelle's soft, sighing caress of his name.Everything has a price.
Bella Vespira|Love. What is it truly? Love is a spiritual state, an intangible, often insatiable need to put one's needs above your own. To provide peace, stability and smiles to those who have made the long transition from your mind to your heart.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|I had had the job for three weeks. It was dreary. You couldn't read; they didn't like it. I would feel as if I were drugged, sitting there, watching those damned dolls, thinking what a success they would have made of their lives if they had been women. Satin skin, silk hair, velvet eyes, sawdust heart - all complete.
Marie Corelli, The Soul of Lilith|Does one love a statue?" she demanded. "Shall I caress a picture? Shall I rain tears or kisses over the mere semblance of a life that does not live, shall I fondle hands that never return my clasp? Love! Love is in my heart -yes! like a shut-up fire in a tomb,but you hold the key, and the flame dies for want of air.
Alba Avila|Oh my…!Love can be troubled somber,mournful and yet subtle and precise. Love is a chaotic thing, my dear!
|When faced with obstacles, let your heart beat with courage and faith by focusing on the growing opportunities they bring.
Kusumastuti, Denting Lara|I know now, what is the worst thing about broken heart. I am not dead.
Kusumastuti, Denting Lara|She chose to freeze her heart, and then stored it deep inside her freezer.She will let it there until she is ready.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Book Excerpt:"What about your family, Abu Huwa? Are you an orphan?” the little girl very innocently asked the Sphinx.“My father and your father are one and the same. However, I do have a brother who has stood as my mirror throughout time on the opposite horizon. It is I who faces east, but it is he who faces west. I am the recorder of yesterday and he holds the records of tomorrow. I am the positive, and he is my negative. I carry the right eye of the sun and he carries the left eye of the moon. He keeps his eye on the underworld and I keep an eye on the world over. Together we have joined the sky and earth, and split fire and water.”Seham stood on all toes to peek over the Sphinx's shoulder for a sign of his brother. “Where is he?” she asked, her eyes still searching the open horizon.“He has yet to be uncovered, but as I stand above the sands of time, he still sleeps below. Before the descent of Adam, we have both stood as loyal Protectors of the Two Halls of Truth.”The girl asked in astonishment, “I've never heard of these halls, Abu Huwa. Where are they?”“At the end of each of our tails is a passage that will reveal to you the secrets of Time. One hall reflects a thousand truths, and the other hall reflects all that is untrue. One will speak to your heart, and the other will speak to your mind. This is why you need to use both your heart and mind to understand which one is real, and which is a distorted illusion created to misguide those that have neglected their conscience. Both passageways connect you to the Great Hall of Records.”“What is the Hall of Records?”“The Great Pyramid, my child. It is as multidimensional in its shape as it is in its purpose. Every layer and every brick marks the coming of a prophet, the ascension of evil, or another cycle of man. It contains the entire history and future of mankind. And, as is above, so is below. Above ground, it serves as the most powerful energy source to harmonize and power the world! The shape of the pyramid above ground is also the same image mirrored beneath it. Underground, it serves as a powerful well and drain. This is really why Egypt is called the Land of Two Lands. There exists a huge world of its own underneath the plateau, a world within worlds. Large amounts of gold, copper and mercury were once housed here, including the secrets of Time, the 100th name of He Who Is All, and a gift from Truth that still awaits to be discovered. It sleeps with Time in the Great Pyramid, hidden away in a lower shaft that leads to the stars.”Dialogue from 'The Little Girl and the Sphinx' by Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (Dar-El Shams, 2010)
Dominic Riccitello|His whisper was the softest sound I ever knew, which seemed to bring the loudest heartbeat.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|To truly motivate others 1) discover what their motives, desires & drivers are 2) genuinely connect with and support them from the heart.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|At your young age, you stand up for Truth and use your conscience to see that justice always prevails, even if it leads to grueling consequences or personal sacrifices. You never fail to use your heart. Again, your heart is your key to immortality. Keep a good heart and all that is anything and everything will remember you,” said the Sphinx.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|A fruitless year, take a fearless heartOne that blooms late will flourish in the dark
Debasish Mridha|To find your own way in life, start going with all of your heart to find the beauty of life.
Denise Hildreth Jones, Secrets Over Sweet Tea|That's part of Jesus' point, that we all have sin in us. But he was also saying that sin begins and ends with the heart. Actually, that idea runs throughout the entire Bible. As a man 'thinks in his heart, so is he.' 'Out of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaks.' In other words, what is in us is going to come out of us. And 'above all else, guard your heart.' Do you hear that, Zach? Out of everything we do, protecting our hearts is the most important thing.We've got to guard them especially from anything that could come in and set up a lie about our God. Anything. I mean, even doing my work - and I'm a pastor - could convince me that God needs me in some way. That would be the perfect way for the enemy to set me up to wear myself out and shut myself down. And it would all start with a lie. The devil will try to convince us of anything - he's the father of lies, remember. And that is why we have to guard our hearts so carefully.
Stefan Emunds|True: fear is the beginning of wisdom, but love perfects it!
Stefan Emunds|When we find money in the street, we happily pick it up, even if it’s just a buck, but when we bump into love, we tend to be so picky.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|You do not need to go to any temple or church to worship God. The whole existence is God’s temple. Your own body is the temple of God. Your own heart is the shrine. You do not need to subscribe to any religion to experience God. The only religion you need to experience God is love, kindness and respect to all beings.
Kirsty Logan, The Gracekeepers|When people are cruel it's often said that they have no heart, only a cold space or lump of ice in their chest. This was never true of Avalon. She had no heart, everyone knew, but there was nothing cold about her. In her chest burned an enormous coal, white-hot, brighter than the North Star. North knew the truth about Avalon: she was made of fire, and she would burn them all.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|You do not need any preacher or prophet to learn about God. The teaching is spread on the trees and the mountains, on the stars and the river, on the Sun and the moon. The ultimate teaching is written in your heart. You just need to wake up and see.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Perhaps the only reason why you worry in life, tarry your goals and bury your joy is that you are still bearing the untold story of you untouched, which seems to bang on the doors of your heart every time! Go and open the way, and fulfill your destiny!
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to get understanding, keep the Word in your heart and not in your mind only.
Munia Khan|Everyone writes with hand, but very few can write with heart
Mehmet Murat ildan|Simple and plain things can touch your heart very easily! If you can be simple and plain, you can touch every heart!
Bradley B. Dalina|The true pleasure of living is hidden in the heart of  a man, So whatever you do, do it heartily, and you'll be happy! :)
Santosh Thankachan|Christianity still makes sense because it was Christ who:- Never Judged a person by his/her appearance [Mark 10:46-51]- Never Looked down with disdain on someone just becausethat person does not come to His church [John 4:1-26]- Never kept back his miracle of Healing, just because the persondoes not belonged to His own community [Matthew 15:25-28]- Shared His Love and Grace with both poor [Luke 14:13] and rich equally [Mark 10:21]- Chose to Forgive even those whom 'His chosen ones' looks down with contempt. [Luke 7:36-50]- Proclaim the Truth about Gospel to a lost soul even if there isno one to acknowledge Him publicly [John 3:1-3]- Preferred to keep quiet even if He was 'wrongly accused'. [Matthew 27:12]- Who ranks the Giver on the basis if his/her Intent of givingand not just Extent of giving [Luke 21:1-4]- Chose to empty His pockets and desist resources available to Him,so that He can teach to Serve First [John 13:14] and lead later.- Eagerly listened to the one who came asking for help and delivered them fromtheir issues rather than opening His book of sorrows andissues to make them feel awkward and ignored. [Mark 7:31-37]...Its a shame that it is we Christians, who at times Disappoint our Christ and Dishonor His name by acting just opposite to His nature and character in our lives."World is not disappointed by Christianity, its tired of, us Christians.
Mehmet Murat ildan|However hard life is, deep in our hearts we know that it is worth to continue till the end!
Udayveer Singh|Try to leave an Impression on someone’s Heart, rather than a Paper.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|…mischief, …arises not from our living in the world, but from the world living in us; occupying our hearts, and monopolizing our affections.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When the thing that your heart strongly loves to do is the thing world hungers and thirsts to see done, then that's what you were called to do. You must never leave it undone!
Charlotte Eriksson|I am clumsy, drop glasses and get drunk on Monday afternoons. I read Seneca and can recite Shakespeare by heart, but I mess up the laundry, don’t answer my phone and blame the world when something goes wrong. I think I have a dream, but most of the days I’m still sleeping. The grass is cut. It smells like strawberries. Today I finished four books and cleaned my drawers. Do you believe in a God? Can I tell you about Icarus? How he flew too close to the sun?I want to make coming home your favourite part of the day. I want to leave tiny little words lingering in your mind, on nights when you’re far away and can’t sleep. I want to make everything around us beautiful; make small things mean a little more. Make you feel a little more. A little better, a little lighter. The coffee is warm, this cup is yours. I want to be someone you can’t live without.I want to be someone you can’t live without.
Deborah Harkness, A Discovery of Witches|A ma vie de coer entier.Mon debut et ma fin. Se souvenir du passe, et qu'il ya un avenir. My whole heart for my whole life.With an alpha and an omega: my beginning and my end.Remember the past, and that there is a future.
Charlotte Eriksson|Loveis not leaning on each other, adjusting to fit a different size.Loveis simply two hands reached out in the darkness,saying; I’ll be your light, if you’ll be mine.
Shannon L. Alder|With dark raven paper and twinkling white ink, I wrote my heart in the night’s sky.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Before you examine the body of a patient, be patient to learn his story. For once you learn his story, you will also come to know his body.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|It's alright, you know...To love him...Please, child, do you think I don't know you at all? I'm not going to say there is some easy future for you, or even any future at all. I only want you not to punish yourself. You've always felt the truth in him, then and now. Your heart is not wrong. Your heart is your strength. You don't have to be ashamed.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Before you diagnose any sickness, make sure there is no sickness in the mind or heart. For the emotions in a man's moon or sun, can point to the sickness in any one of his other parts.
Ken Poirot|When you betray your own heart, you suffer for life. Always be true to your heart!
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|But the trick most folk are so awfully fond of learning, the absolute second they've got hold of a heart, is to pretend they don't have one at all. It is the very first danger of the hearted.
Charles de Lint, Someplace to Be Flying|Everybody's got a true home—maybe not where they're living, butwhere their heart lives.
Glad Munaiseche|Then she questioned, "Too much idea about love, I wanna know what love is? Is there one right person for everyone? Is there true love? Can someone really beat your heart and conquer it?
Isabella koldras, poem Spring Walking in Vaucluse Hil.|....there are moments in life worth living for. Spring Walking is one of them; my mind frozen in the moment, changed perception of time, augmented sense satisfaction and happiness, my heart filled with awesomeness...
Jesse Jackson|If there are occasions when my grape turned into a raisin and my joy bell lost its resonance, please forgive me. Charge it to my head and not to my heart.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|A heart can learn ever so many tricks, and what sort of beast it becomes depends greatly upon whether it has been taught to sit up or to lie down, to speak or to beg, to roll over or to sound alarms, to guard or to attack, to find or to stay
Sheila Heti, How Should a Person Be?|Life is not a harvest. Just because you have an apple doesn’t mean you have an orchard. You have an apple. Put a fence around it. Once you have put a fence around everything you value, then you have the total circle of your heart.
Munia Khan|Donate your blood from your heart to save life. Life will donate you hearts full of love, blood and contentment in return.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|The human heart is like india-rubber; a little swells it, but a great deal will not burst it.
Dominic Riccitello|It’ll always be mine, but it’ll always be your heart.
Beau Taplin|Hearts aren't handcuffs and people aren't prisons. When you feel it's time for you to leave, you leave. You neither need to wait to be released, nor ask for permission.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Tears only dry up as a result of hardness of the heart, and the hearts only harden as a result of frequent sinning.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To know God, know your heart (conscience). After you know your heart, you will learn to see God in all things. Truth can only be seen by those with Truth in them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Stay strong; disappointments will not stay for that long. Wipe away your tears; be ready to receive cheers from people all over the world, beginning from you!
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Get out of my head,You've overstayed your stay,This head no longer can spare more thoughts,Leave my aching heart alone,You weaved your web all over my heart,Captured what was never yours,The aching in my chest can't bare more,Get out of here,My soul is no longer a safe place.
Arrian, The Campaigns of Alexander|Do not try to lead men who are unwilling to follow you; if their heart is not in it, you will never find the old spirit or the old courage.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|When you see, not only intellectually but with your heart too, how we are all connected, how can you harm another? It's the same as harming oneself.
Karen Quan, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|My heart beats so hard, I feel like I have an earthquake inside of me. It's weighing me down and my hands shake with the need of safety and comfort.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Dreaming of another time,Dreaming of clasping your hands so tight,Dreaming of another time,Dreaming of the shipwreck that is in my heart would end
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|It's been awhile since I have heard from you,To me it felt like it was only yesterday that all we could do was talk to each otherTo me it felt like it was only yesterday that I'd fall asleep with you on my mind and be awakened with a smile from your morning messagesTo me it felt like it was only yesterday that you started to back away, when I was in a dark placeTo me it felt like it was only yesterday when you left my mind and heart in a million pieces
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|We are all exist in an interconnected matrix of life, so the state of your mind and heart affects the whole.
Kiki Archer, But She Is My Student|She realised with every inch of her being that she wanted Freya; she was in love with Freya. Her mind, with its perfectly rational arguments, had list the battle with her heart. She felt it. It was real. The conflict was torture.
Lauren Blakely, 21 Stolen Kisses|Everything fits, especially me with him, and him with me. He is the puzzle piece that slides into place in my heart, filling all the sad and empty spots inside me.
Olivia Jardine, Of Bird and Wire|Write from your heart, write with blood and courage.
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|We all exist in an interconnected matrix of life, so the state of your mind and heart affects the whole.
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|No matter where I am in my life, no matter what I am doing, I will never be far from you in my heart. I may be moving on, but I’m not moving away from you. You will always be in my soul, a part of my present, and a fleeting dream for my future." ~Emma Ranstein
Jojo Moyes|So this is it. You are scored on my heart, Clark.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough.
Debasish Mridha|Let kindness be the flower of your heart and fragrance of your mind. Let it fill the world with peace, joy and the fragrance of kindness.
Laarni Venus Marie Giango|I don't throttle and smother people in my life.. Not because I don't have my own fair share of doubts and sometimes, yes, insecurities.. But I have a great deal of confidence in my instincts that I've chosen the right one to trust.. When I trust, I do so with my whole heart..
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|Living for beauty is all very fine, but it’s a hard regimen and burns up the heart very quickly.
Jerry Spinelli|I did leave something behind with you: my heart. Of course, you didn't know it at the time. Maybe I didn't either. What have you done with my heart, Leo? Have you taken good care of it? Have you misplaced it?
Debasish Mridha|Be an artist, see the beauty not only with your eyes but also with your heart.
Sreesha Divakaran, Those Imperfect Strokes|And what part of me will beginTo forget you first; the suddenPains that shoot to my bruised palmsAs I think of you in the cover of the dark,Or the invisible handClutching at my heart, as it knocks against its savage cage,Or my still swollen lipsAs they remember the touch of your gentle fingertips?
The power of one|Little beat big When Little smart. First with the head, then with the heart.
Jon Gordon|I once heard this saying that God keeps breaking your heart until it opens. And ain't that the truth. Think about it. Every struggle, every challenge, every adversity brings you closer to your heart, to your true self, to who you really are. Sometimes you got to be broken down to the point where you feel powerless to discover your ultimate and true power.
Sanhita Baruah|My world is a million shattered pieces put together, glued by my tears, where each piece is nothing but a reflection of YOU.
Nutan Bajracharya|I had crossed fifty years of my life, and come across uncountable females as son, husband, father, friend in my life. Coming across several women I carefully studied most of them, and feels that I got master knowing female. But every time when my heart comes across to a female, my all knowledge on female goes to a vain. What they want? , What are they looking for? When their mind changes? When their priority changes? No one knows, in a minute they use to change decisions, if someone ask, they says it’s a little thing. They never think, little things makes big or if they can’t stick on little things how they can stand in important decisions. They never show they are weak, but every time they are compromising themselves. It’s their big heart but impacting every around. They always think they can do anything by doing nothing.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Cancer can touch you, but not your soul; neither your thoughts, nor your heart.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Craving for power, titles and promotion to high places is not a tool for carving impacts in the heart the world. High positions polluted by bad character are the poisons that dehydrate the world of positive virtues.
Kady Cross, The Girl with the Windup Heart|Her heart kicked hard against her ribs, seized by a terrible fear that refused to let go no matter how hard she pushed.
Michael Chabon, The Mysteries of Pittsburgh|I was conscious, then, of a different ache, deeper and more sharp than the feeling of bereavement that a hangover will sometimes uncover in the heart.
Ian McEwan|Either I've always spoken to her from the heart in times like this, or I never have and I don't know what it means.
Vikrmn|Follow the dreams that your heart visualizes, as what you actually see is just an illusion of temporary contentment.
Louise Courey Nadeau, Magelica's Voyage|Live each day with an open heart. Everything you are, feel and do must come from your heart, if you are to be truly you. Believe in love and trust that you will find the answers you seek.
Elizabeth George, The Heart of a Woman Who Prays: Drawing Near to the God Who Loves You|When we accept God’s invitation to commune with Him through prayer, He will transform our hearts and change our lives.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Science can make a heart beat with ventilator, but there is only one power that makes it live, that is LOVE which is the purest form of FAITH.
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|FATE decides who you meet in your life, your HEART chooses who you want in your life, but your CHOICES decide who will stay
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When there is too much sorrow in your heart, true compassion gets its ways out of it. Don’t make a will over your sorrow, nobody needs to inherit it!
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|Her heart may be cracked, but it is pure. She may be jaded, but she is hopeful. She may be broken, but she is strong. She may be here, but she will leave.
Jessi Kirby, Things We Know by Heart|I'd give anything right now to go back, even just for a few moments, so I could pay more attention. Inscribe every detail of him, and of us together, onto my heart, where I could keep it safe always. Where even time couldn't erase it.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|When my hands can no longer make these hammers and strings play for you, my heart will always sing to you.
Anthony Liccione|When eyes have died in its gaze, know the heart had died in its blaze.
Claire North, The First Fifteen Lives of Harry August|Forgive me," I wrote at the bottom. "I did not think I would break.
Nikki Rowe|Your voice is yours, how dare you let another speak for you.Your heart is yours, how dare you give it away, so freely to another you hardly know. Your soul is yours, how dare you ignore its instinctual truth. Your mind is yours, don't let the world make it negative.You are the master of your fate, you are the creator of your destiny, don't hand the keys to anyone, rather open the door and welcome them to taste your paradise within.
Debasish Mridha|There is a song in your heart, only you can hear it. In silence, that is the song of longing and love.
Tanzy Sayadi, Write like no one is reading 2|Your eyes are hallow,Your heart is bruised,Your temple has been raided,Your soul has been shattered,Was he worth it?
Tanzy Sayadi, Write like no one is reading 2|I could watch her dance for hours, Because she's always dancing inside of my heart.
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading 2|When my heart is better, less shrunken, I will throw her out there to love again, without hesitation, even knowing what we know.
Debasish Mridha|Feel, now let your heart be your light; imagination is your way and bliss is your destination.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you truly have compassion in your heart, show it by keeping your doubts to yourself and sharing your hope with those who love change!
Jill Alexander Essbaum, Hausfrau|Anna’s conclusions were these: That fire is beautifully cruel. That fusion occurs only at a specific heat. That blood, in fact, can boil. That the dissolution of an affair is an entropic reaction, and the disorder it tends toward is flammable. That a heart will burn. And burn and burn and burn.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|I'm chasing a decade old ghost. Searching beneath the rafters of a cobweb-filled haven lined with old memories which my brain cannot accept are dead. The light of nostalgia is burning bright inside my heart. Ignoring the emptiness around me, and hoping for a resurrection of love.
Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts|The stars, like the hollow eyes of a god forgotten, marry the sadness of the exhausted hour and inspire a little chaos, a little gentleness, to those below. I look up at the sky and see everything I’ve ever lost,waiting for me.
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading 2|Holy crap, my heart was arrogant to believe her spotless track record could stay that way.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|I crave the violence of your affection. I ache for the way it jumbles my insides and makes my heart feel like it's harboring a thunderstorm. I've never felt more alive in all my time on this earth, as I have, being underneath your touch.
hlbalcomb|Follow the sincerity of your heart, it will always lead you on the right path" Cinderella in Focus: Cindy's Secret
Jessiqua Wittman, A Memoir of Love|He would never admit it, but he did have a heart of gold under all that crud.Solid, hard, impenetrable gold, but still gold, nonetheless.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|No moment is too small to claim. Strung together, moments fashion a life.
T.A. Cline|The heart is the anchor to all things, be it love to hate, or light to dark.
Elizabeth George, The Heart of a Woman Who Prays: Drawing Near to the God Who Loves You|Out of the will of God, there is no such thing as success, in the will of God there cannot be any failure.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|But, here was a curious thing. The more I tried to give up thinking of her, the more I said to myself, 'She's nothing to you', the harder I tried to pluck the idea of her out of my heart, the more she stayed there.
Jessi Kirby, Things We Know by Heart|Each heartbeat begins with a single, electrical impulse, or "spark." The distinctive sound we hear through a stethoscope, or when we place our head on a loved one's chest, is the sound of the heart valves opening and closing in perfect synchronicity with each other. It is a two-party rhythm - a delicate dance of systole and diastole, which propels the heart's electrically charged particles through its chambers roughly every second of the day, every day of our lives.
Ron Barrow|Stay upbeat and keep your head held high. There is no end to the power of positive thinking. I AM looking forward to all the wealth, success, and abundance speeding my way!
Solange nicole|There's nothing more devastating in a marriage than when a spouse puts their work, their desires above their partner's heart.
Danielle Wood|I looked inward at my heart. And indeed, there too, the criss-cross corsetry was slackened and gaping. I was all undone. Potentially, I could spill. Or tangle. And so I began to tug at my own heartstrings, pulling them up tight until there was just the right amount of tension at each criss and each cross. Then I bent down to my boots and laced them firmly too, first the left, then the right, finishing off on each side with a surgeon's shoelace knot.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|To be successful in life , Plan, Implement, Revise, Update, and Build on Change.
Voltaire|Paradise was made for tender hearts; hell, for loveless hearts.
Pablo Neruda, The Essential Neruda: Selected Poems|And the heart sounds like a sour conch,calls, oh sea, oh lament, oh molten panic,scattered in the unlucky and disheveled waves:the sea reports sonorouslyon its languid shadows, its green poppies.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Words of Paradise: Selected Poems|You erased my famine, unpicked my angerYour energy charges my voice, it radiates my heart;Now I am alive with the ore of words pouringFrom my lips like molten lava glittering with joy.
Kristen Callihan, Shadowdance|If you try to take our heart without earning our soul, our heart will break
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When a turbulent mind and wounded heart surrenders to grace, breathing is easy.
Deshwal Sachin|real beauty exists inside the heart,not over the face.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude #1|Whatever happens here, trust your heart. It's as true as any compass.
Shōhei Ōoka, Fires on the Plain|...in the distance across the dark fields I saw a flame. With the rainy season, the fireflies had long since disappeared. What then could this be? The flame flickered, now brightly, no dimly, and sometimes it glowed like a halo, as if it had sunk deep into water.I was frightened by this flame. For in my heart I, too, carried a flame.
Ron Baratono|Each day we hold things in our heart, sometimes these things are heavy. Carrying God's grace with us each and every day lightens life's load.
Noormohammad Bhuayan|When you have a heart, then you will be getting the hurt
Meg Rosoff|Your writing voice is the deepest possible reflection of who you are. The job of your voice is not to seduce or flatter or make well-shaped sentences. In your voice, your readers should be able to hear the contents of your mind, your heart, your soul.
Kristen Callihan, Shadowdance|I love you." He stabbed a thumb at his chest as he glared at her.Of course he did. Lucien had never hidden the fact. But the love of a friend, while comforting, was not enough anymore.It did not soothe the restless discomfort that pushed against her chest or quell the loneliness that seemed to grow within her each passing day.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|I count everything. Even numbers, odd numbers, multiples of 10. I count the ticks of the clock i count the tocks of the clock I count the lines between the lines on a sheet of paper. I count the broken beats of my heart I count my pulse and my blinks and the number of tries it takes to inhale enough oxygen for my lungs. I stay like this I stand like this I count like this until the feeling stops. Until the tears stop spilling, until my fists stop shaking, until my heart stops aching. There are never enough numbers.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|Am I making something worth while?I’m not sure.I write and I sing and I hear words from time to time about my life and choices making ways, into other lives, other hearts,but am I making something worth while?I’m not sure.There was a boy last night who I never spoke to because I was too drunk and still shy, but mostly lonely, and I couldn’t find anything lightly to say,so I simply walked awaybut still wondered what he did with his lifebecause he didn’t even speak to meor look at mebut still made me wonder who he wasand I walked away askingAm I making something worth while?I am not sure.I am a complicated person with a simple lifeand I am the reason for everything that ever happened to me.
Shannon L. Alder|How can you follow your heart, unless you know why you have allowed it to be empty for so long and didn't have the courage to fix it?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Know that it is your birthright to awaken. Seeking Truth is the ultimate quest of every moral citizen. Truth is felt first in the heart, and then the mind. The voice of your conscience comes from your heart, not your mind. The voice of reason comes from your mind, not your heart. Your mind is simply there to reason with your heart. Always listen to your heart first. Those who look for Truth through the mind before the heart will never find Truth. When you come close to Truth, the first sign will be an inner sense of liberation. Truth will NEVER imprison you. Only the repression of your conscience will. This is what is meant by 'THE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE'.
Ella Harper|It’s amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
Charles de Leusse|For him, she bends over backwards. It is origami of the heart. (Pour lui, elle se plie en quatre. - C'est l'origami du cœur)
Regan Walker, To Tame the Wind|Sometimes, when we least expect it, we catch a glimpse of someone, a face, perhaps only a smile, and our heart latches on and will not let go. It may not be love at first, but soon and for always.
Kelly Risser, Never Forgotten|She's a girl after my own heart. Food first, conversation later.
Virginia Alison|Souls do not break neither do hearts. Ravaged by time, they continue living within us and it is our choice whether to remove the walls of self preservation that we build as protection or to hide behind them and remain hardened within our comfort zone.Life is precious, giving it your all is preferable to withering and dying even before you fall off this mortal coil.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Before you can positively and passionately pursue what your heart love to do, you must first be grateful to the one who gave you such a heart to love such a thing!
Dean Koontz, Odd Hours|In even a clear heart, some righteous acts of the harder kind can stir up a sediment of guilt, but that is not a bad thing. If allowed to be, the heart is self-policing, and a reasonable measure of guilt guards against corruption.
Sophie Hannah, The Carrier|I thought to myself, 'No matter what happens from now on, even if my heart ends up in pieces, this makes it all worth it, this moment.
Sovik Mishra|Even if we fall apart, even if we don't stay together, even if we Die there is this beauty about Love that keeps us alive in each others' heart, acting as a catalyst for beating the heart.
Sanober  Khan|I keep my kindness in my eyes Gently folded around my iris Like a velvety, brown blanket That warms my vision I keep my shyness in my hair Tucked away into a ponytail Looking for a chance to escape On a few loose strands in the air I keep my anger on my lips Just waiting to unleash into the world But trust me; it’s never in my heart It evaporates into words I keep my dignity upon my chin Like a torch held up high For those who have betrayed me Radiating a silent, strong message I keep my gratitude in my smileA glistening waterfall in the sun Gently splashing at that personWho made me happy for some reason I keep my sensitivity in my hands Reaching out for your wet cheek Holding you, with all the love The love I want to share, and feel I keep my passion in my writing My words breathing like fire Screeching against an endless road As I continue to be inspired I keep my simplicity in my soul Spread over me like a clear sky Reflecting all that I am And all that’s ever passed me by And I hope you will look Beyond my ordinary faceMy simple, tied hairMy ordinary tastes And I hope you will see me From everyone...apart As I keep my beauty in my heart.
Sanober  Khan|my dear, I have nothing to say.my heart burns like the evening sky.
Neil Gaiman, Trigger Warning: Short Fictions and Disturbances|The heart is greater than the universe, for it can find pity in it for everything in the universe, and the universe itself can feel no pity. The heart is greater than a King, because a heart can know a King for what he is, and still love him. And once you give your heart, you cannot take it back.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|It all takes time and lessons and places, but I’m learning to listen to my restless heart, telling me to “go, go, go!
Trushti Raval|I am in Love with you, it’s me who is in love with you not you,I am in love with you.Not in a way I wanted to but yeah the way I am fond toHey I am in love with you,not treating you like I wanted to but just being the one that thought of toyeah I am in love with you,Loving you was the secrete I wanted to keepand buried deep inside my emotional heap,Doing everything possible what I had toBut baby it hurts as it hurts you too,but yeah still I am in love with you,Pulled myself million times because I got the wrong vibes all the time,But the truth remains the samebaby hear me as I am in love with you,Waiting on you I could see people were laughing on meI knew all the while you weren't near me.But you should know that I am in love with youThere were some days I missed you a lot and scared to tell you how i feel cold and hotfor you as I am in love with you is the only dreamAnd then I am in love with youI remember I have cried to sleepand bagged myself to keep you awayfrom the highest steepthe voice that said from within me I am in love with youJust I LOVE YOU was the only words I wanna hear from youeven while knowing, you don’t mean toBecause simply I feel the way I wanted toLoving to say I am in love with you.wake up in the morning with only you in my mind till I sleep at deep way in the nightI know its all silly things for your kindbut its perfect to me as clearly - deeply in love with youWhen you being nice to me that scares me sometimesbut bottom in my heart it feels so nice because during that timeI am in love with you,Doesn't matter whatever I do with you even things i have never done beforeand i enjoyed them all because simply as I am in love with you.In the first waiting on you was the favorite thing in my dayweather it s a call or just a look from you from the farthest bayI asked myself why and the voice within me said that I am in love with you.
Jay Woodman|The role of Cherishing in Bereavement - I think that the key to healthy grieving is to cherish those who have passed on, so that you celebrate their lives and the times you did have together with thankfulness, instead of trying to cling on and wish that things were different. I believe that you should let them go in peace with love, not try to hang on to their spirits, just hold the precious moments gently in your heart.
Nikki Rowe|Her soul was soothed by his presence, Her mind was soothed by his beliefsHer heart was soothed by his love And for the first time, she could see a future with someone who grabbed her by the hand and took her courageous being away from all that had her questioning life.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|Remember: whatever is burrowed deep in one hungry soul is bound to be tethered to the hearts of many, many more.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|Sometimes it seems that to exit this world, they must go through my heart, leaving me scarred and sore.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Quite often it's not about what is said, but what isn't. And even when it's spoken, read between the lines. Listening with the heart is just as important as hearing with the mind.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|She never had much in this life, but with the simplest things, she made her corner of the world as beautiful as any king's palace. We may lack riches, but the greatest fortune is what lies in our hearts.
Anthony Liccione|The closest thing to Heaven, is having a peaceful mind, and a beautiful, pure heart.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|While learning others, respect demands that one never takes issue with another's freedom to choose their 'get down' - their way of living... and don't be mad. But carefully listen, observe, and compare mental notes before you open your heart's desire -- to make a clear determination what's in your best interest. If you already know how the story ends, and it doesn't fit you, keep [the] proper distance in perspective, in any form(s) of relationship, for the love of self. It may be disappointing, but you'll eventually discover the right one deserving of your full attention. Or, you may be surprised by their sudden awakening to your worthiness. Walk slowly, especially, when it comes to matters of the heart.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|Pray GOD by HEART, Not by HABIT.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|This isn't a reasoned response to a configuration of stars, but the heart cannot flourish on logic alone. Unreason is an essential medicine as long as you don't overdose
Amy Tan, Saving Fish from Drowning|When the anesthesia of love wears off,you suffer the pain of consequence.
Carla H. Krueger|One day, I decided I was going to write books forever.
Stephanie Lahart|Crying is NOT a weakness. Cry as much as you have to. Don’t be afraid or ashamed to let your tears flow. Crying is a natural part of life. We all have feelings, and sometimes crying is all that we can do. Crying can help relieve the pain, hurt, disappointments, and all of the other things that life can throw our way. Know that it’s okay, and know that you’re going to be okay as well. Wishing You: Peace of mind, Comfort, Happiness, Joy within and LOVE.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Love is never blind; it sees with ucute clarity. A closed mind, wounded heart, and a bitter disposition surely cannot perceive love's myriad ways of communicating.
Jessie J.|I don’t care what people think. I don’t care how many dislikes I get on Youtube. I don’t care how many people compare to every single female artist in the industry, because we’re both white and sing. I do this because I love it, and I do it because this is what I feel like I was born to do, I feel like I was born to write music to heal the world.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|my dear,we are all made of water. it's okay to rage. sometimes it's okay to rest. to recede.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|His mind was logical, but his traitorous heart stuttered from beat to beat.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When we follow our hearts, we follow the path of lessons we were meant to take and gain knowledge from. Sometimes the heart conquers over reason, and this may lead us to making serious mistakes, but these are mistakes written for us to grow. This is the real reason you hear ‘FOLLOW YOUR HEART’. And the real reason you hear, ‘FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS’ is because our dreams expose us to our true multidimensional realities outside of this delusional realm we call reality. Our true reality can be found in our dreams, where we are our true multidimensional selves.
Scott Hastie|Be brave enough to never yearnFor that you cannot hold closeIn your heart forever.Tread lightly, cherish compassionAnd live in the moment without fear.
James Hadley Chase|What the eye doesn't see, the heart doesn't grieve about.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|People may not like you, but that's cool because your heart doesn't beat from their liking. You can't live to please everyone, you're not a puppet
L V HALL|Would you dare to reach inside the vault of a feral heart?Glare into the keyhole, eyes bound with intrigue...is it real what we perceive? or does the absent colour leave you lost or decieved?
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|If the tree doesn't hug you back, it's not a problem with the tree, it's a problem with your heart.
Pinkie Numa|A sober mind, an unemotional heart and a positive attitude are key for success.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|Death is deceitful, pretending that peace is on the horizon. The truth is that chaos is left in its wake, claiming the souls of those stranded in life. Death is the enemy of love in its purest form. It's the one thing that can tear our souls out and rip our hearts to pieces. The miraculous part of this process is that all it needs to do is extinguish a single, solitary breath. That's all it takes to steal the future of someone; someone who deserves to live more than all the others. If only I could capture that breath before it was taken to replace it with my own.
Shannon L. Alder|When does God turn a want into a need? When you feel the same way almost every day. Your thoughts can be distracted for a short period of time, but your mind will always take you back to the one place that feels like home.
Brom|Magic?" What did magic have to do with breaking into someone's store and stealing their stuff?"Don't you get it?" Peter said. "You're free now. You don't have to live by their rules anymore." Peter pointed into the inky blackness of the basement. "The darkness is calling. A little danger, a little risk. Feel your heart race, listen to it. That's the sound of being alive. It's your time, Nick. Your one chance to have fun before it's all stolen by them, the adults, with their cruelty and endless rules, their can't-do-this, and can't-do-that's, their have-tos, and better-dos, their little boxes and cages all designed to break your spirit, to kill your magic.
Mansi Laus Deo|I think the biggest achievement of my life is that I followed my heart when I knew what it wanted, and had faith in destiny when I didn't know what it held.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|One should hold fast one's heart; for when one letteth it go, how quickly doth one's head run away!
Scott Hastie|To have been where you have beenAnd to still have joy,Dazzling in your heart,Now there’s a thing to make the whole world smile.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Sometimes a loved one might not 'spit' the message in the most tender or poetic fashion that suits you, but don't allow a rugged style to blind you from a loving intent. It's the spirit of the message one must receive beyond [the] perception of one's senses; be mindful of hearing with the heart.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Never be afraid to cry. Sometimes, nothing can cleanse the heart more than a few wet tears.
L V HALL|If you Fear, your Heart will decay
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|You can't have a women's body without having her heart, mind and soul if only momentarily.
Zack Love|Still not sure about how easily he could be integrated into their posse, Trevor smiled in delighted relief at how tolerantly two of his close friends had received his new identity.
Yasmin Mogahed|Tear your heart out of your chest. And hand it to God. There is no other healing. I swear, there is no other healing.
Anthony Liccione|They can stop a river by building a dam, but I will be damned if they can stop my river of blood flowing through my veins and heart.
Scott Hastie|Be content to love, to dazzle in the light,If only for moments…And then be gone,With gladness in your heart,Before the creeping shadowsClaim too much your sadness at leaving.
Franz Kafka|my heart no longer beats but is a tugging muscle,
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Sanity is to the mind, insanity is for the heart,Docility is to the mind, wildness is to the heart,Tamable is the mind, Untamable is the heart,Freedom is to the mind, cages are for the heart.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The only enemy which stands between the talent you posses and success you achieve is known as "EGO" in our Society
Nikki Rowe|I met a man; broken as can be, A smile upon his face; no shoes upon his feet,He said one thing " young one , you listen clear"The choices you make now; will always reappear,Live to your heart but do wrong to none,Because when your old like me; you'll remember all you have done.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Guard your heart and mind against double-minded pretentious beings. Do not allow infiltration beyond the surface. If their influence travels on the inside, they become like an incurable disease.
David Levithan, Marly's Ghost|When the heart stops, you die. Love is everywhere that life is, and if there is no love for life, you die. Giving up on love is the same thing as giving up on life itself.
Linda Rawson|Step back in perspective, open your heart and welcome transition into a new phase of life.
Scott Hastie|Open the doors of your heart and they will come…And for every cruel arrow,Sweet caresses of delirium alsoTo nourish your soul.
Roy  Bennett|Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eye.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|When we observe trials and tribulations in our world, there's even more reason to lighten the heavy load. Sometimes life gets tough and it's disheartening. Never mind happiness; what we genuinely need is joy! God didn't intend for us to be sad or serious all of the time. His word in Proverbs 17:22 (ESV) says, “A joyful heart is good medicine, but a crushed spirit dries up the bones.
Benjanun Sriduangkaew, Scale-Bright|What is it that you long for best, that clenches teeth and claws over the ventricles of your heart?
Shannon L. Alder|When people want to win they will go to desperate extremes. However, anyone that has already won in life has come to the conclusion that there is no game. There is nothing but learning in this life and it is the only thing we take with us to the grave—knowledge. If you only understood that concept then your heart wouldn’t break so bad. Jealousy or revenge wouldn’t be your ambition. Stepping on others to raise yourself up wouldn’t be a goal. Competition would be left on the playing field, and your freedom from what other people think about you would light the pathway out of hell.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|A man that knows your worth doesn't need to be told how to treat you. That's a given! You won't have to question his feelings, his motives, nor his intentions. How will I know? You ask. See, he will freely show you how he feels and prove it consistently. If you're settling for anything less than what you deserve. Then, maybe you don't even know your worth.
C.C. Campbell, The Stolen Light of Women: A Quest for Spiritual Truth Beyond Religion|I have worn my heart on my sleeve because it is too painful to carry it inside my chest.When I carry it on my sleeve, it has the freedom to exist, to beat in rhythm with the Universe.I feel like I'm more alive and yes, there are those who out of curiosity will say or do things that can cause its delicate existence to feel pain and sorrow.I would rather deal with that, than to put it back in its little cage where it knows nothing else but the rhythm of my body and my Ego.My heart was never meant to be part of my Ego.My heart was meant to experience the Soul.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The only goal in life is to be happy, genuinely, intensely and consistently , regardless of what it looks like to others.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Beguilement|But though you’d never starve your body to wasting and still expect to go on, you starve your heart, yet act as though you can still draw on it forever without the debt ever coming due. If you fall—when you fall, you’re going to fall like a starving man.
Rabia Al-Adawiyya|In love, nothing exists between heart and heart.Speech is born out of longing,True description from the real taste.The one who tastes, knows;the one who explains, lies.How can you describe the true form of SomethingIn whose presence you are blotted out?And in whose being you still exist?And who lives as a sign for your journey?
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The only principle of Success in Life :"You must be present to win.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Always being truthful gives you a certain kind of freedom. It springs forth like a fountain splashing throughout your body until it floods your soul. To be honest and to be trustworthy are great attributes. Ah, the power, Ah, the freedom
Abhysheq Shukla|It’s all about “Priorities” There's No Such Thing as "Busy
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|—all I can say of the matter, is—That he has either a pumkin for his head—or a pippin for his heart,—and whenever he is dissected 'twill be found so.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|My heart is kerosene, my mind a match. I’m seconds away from igniting.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|The authorities don't grant concessions out of the kindness of their hearts; they simply concede the reality of what their subjects are strong enough to compel from them. If you want political leverage, don't beg for it, don't seek it through their channels - take power outside them.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Moral obligations verses Legal obligations. Legally, you must abide by the laws of the land or face the consequences of being fined, imprisoned or both. Moral obligations tend to lean more towards a spiritual nature of a person. Some people perform immoral acts because legally there are no consequences. Morals birth in the heart of the individual. Moral characteristics are developed at an early age and continue into adulthood. It's a disgrace to neglect having good moral character.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Beguilement|(Watching her) was a little like watching water lilies; rather more like smelling a dinner he was not allowed to eat. Was it possible to be starved for so long as to forget the taste of food, for the pangs of hunger to burn out like ash? It seemed so. But both the pleasure and the pain were his heart’s secret, here. He was put in mind, suddenly, of the soil at the edge of a recovering blight; the weedy bedraggled look of it, unlovely yet hopeful. Blight was a numb gray thing, without sensation. Did the return of green life hurt? Odd thought.
David Levithan, Marly's Ghost|She had been lost on her own and I had been lost on my own, so it was natural that once we found each other we wanted to keep being unlost with each other. But that, at heart, had made us exist.
Joe Plumeri, The Power of Being Yourself: A Game Plan for Success--by Putting Passion into Your Life and Work|The more we listen to our hearts, the better our hearts' message comes through loud and clear and the more likely we are to be able to follow what our heart is telling us.
Donald L. Hicks, The Divinity Factor|Money is an inanimate object. It can do good works or bad works depending on the hands that wield it, and the hearts governing those hands.
Joanna Macy and Chris Johnstone|When we move in a direction that touches our heart, we add to the momentum of deeper purpose that makes us feel more alive.
Jim George|Meaningful prayer is a matter of the heart, not the eloquence of the words.
Stormie Omartian, Choose Love: The Three Simple Choices That Will Alter the Course of Your Life|God’s power and love don’t fade, nor does His presence, but we cannot tap into it as fully when we don’t have praise and worship toward Him in our heart
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Loving her has become a part of my religion, a gentle mantra with every beating of my heart. I cannot imagine its Ragnarok without wilting.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|Live a life that leaves a memory, nobody can steal.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The thing about our choices is that after we have made them, they turn around and make us.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|Always follow your dreams with confidence and conviction, don’t fall for the trap of dream killers
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|MISUNDERSTANDING" arises only when you see the things with Closed Eyes
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|As long as we have MEMORIES, yesterday REMAINS and as long as we have HOPE, tomorrow AWAITS...
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|Today, is the beginning of your futureso be as creative as your heart desires in designing your life map.
