Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|While I was drying off Maddie after her bath tonight, she said, 'I love you' to me for the first time. It sounded like 'All lub boo,' but I didn't care. To reciprocate, I showed her what an ex-Marine looks like when he cries.
Craig M. Mullaney, The Unforgiving Minute: A Soldier's Education|Long distance is hard. You have to trust that as you each change on your own, your relationship will also change along with you. It takes hope, good humor, and idealism. It takes a massive dose of courage to protect the relationship at all odds. It is hard, but worth it. You'll both be stronger as a result.
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|Accidents ambush the unsuspecting, often violently, just like love.
Sigmund Freud|Human beings are funny. They long to be with the person they love but refuse to admit openly. Some are afraid to show even the slightest sign of affection because of fear. Fear that their feelings may not be recognized, or even worst, returned. But one thing about human beings puzzles me the most is their conscious effort to be connected with the object of their affection even if it kills them slowly within.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|the wounded child inside many males is a boy who, when he first spoke his truths, was silenced by paternal sadism, by a patriarchal world that did not want him to claim his true feelings. The wounded child inside many females is a girl who was taught from early childhood that she must become something other than herself, deny her true feelings, in order to attract and please others. When men and women punish each other for truth telling, we reinforce the notion that lies are better. To be loving we willingly hear the other’s truth, and most important, we affirm the value of truth telling. Lies may make people feel better, but they do not help them to know love.
Flannery O'Connor, Everything That Rises Must Converge: Stories|He loved her because it was his nature to do so, but there were times when he could not endure her love for him. There were times when it became nothing but pure idiot mystery...
Tera Lynn Childs, Forgive My Fins|Oh, Lily," He says shaking his head. "I know about love. About wanting and dreaming and wishing with every part of your soul. I know enough to reconize the parts that are real and teh parts that are only in my fantasy." Ge turns his head slightly to face me, and I find myself saying,"L-like what?""Like when she cries and my heart tears in to little shreds, and all I can think of is making her forget the source of her sadness." His face is blank, emotionless. his words -and the underlying emotion bombarding me through the bond- more than make up for it. "That's real."my voice is barely a whisper when I ask, "And fantasy?""Believing she'll ever feel the same way.
Melissa de la Cruz, Revelations|Even if they end up together, which I highly doubt, given the strength of that particular bond-...-but even if Schuyler still loves him, or thinks she does, it doesn't matter. Because Jack is going to leave her one day. i know he will. He's too much for Schuyler. They're wrong for each other. Anyone can see that. And when he leaves her, I'll be there. However long it takes, I'll still be there for her. Waiting.
George Eliot|Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
Shinji Moon, The Anatomy of Being|I look at you and see all the ways a soul can bruise, and I wish I could sink my hands into your flesh and light lanterns along your spine so you know that there's nothing but light when I see you.
Carson McCullers, The Ballad of the Sad Café and Other Stories|But the hearts of small children are delicate organs. A cruel beginning in this world can twist them into curious shapes. The heart of a hurt child can shrink so that forever afterward it is hard and pitted as the seed of a peach. Or again, the heart of such a child may fester and swell until it is a misery to carry within the body, easily chafed and hurt by the most ordinary things.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|Please, Noah, I don't want to do this wrong. Tell me how to make you feel good."He shifted so that his body rested beside mine, his leg and arm still draped over me. I felt small under his warmth and strength. His chocolate-brown eyes softened. "Being with you feels good. Touching you-" he tucked a curl behind my ear. "-feels good. I have never wanted anyone like I want you. There's nothing you can do wrong when just breathing makes everything right.
Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions|Belinda stared into the fire for some time, thinking about what she had in her life, and what she had given up; and whether it would be worse to love someone who was no longer there, or not to love someone who was.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|It seems to me that our three basic needs, for food and security and love, are so mixed and mingled and entwined that we cannot straightly think of one without the others. So it happens that when I write of hunger, I am really writing about love and the hunger for it, and warmth and the love of it and the hunger for it… and then the warmth and richness and fine reality of hunger satisfied… and it is all one.
Chetan Bhagat, One Night at the Call Center|Love? I need a lot of love."Of course you do. Everyone does. It's funny that we never say it. It's OK to scream, 'I'm starving' in public if you are hungry; it's OK to make a fuss and say, 'I'm so sleepy', if you are tired; but somehow we cannot say, 'I need some more love.' Why can't we say it? It's just as basic a need.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|You're still alive. And that means you'll love and be loved...and in the end, nothing else really matters.
Johnny Depp|People say I make strange choices, but they’re not strange for me. My sickness is that I’m fascinated by human behavior, by what’s underneath the surface, by the worlds inside people.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Take care. If you do not speak – I shall claim you as my own in some strange presumptuous way. Send me away at once, if I must go; – Margaret! –
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|Vane grabbed me. “DuLac, let’s chat.” British-speak for “Stand still while I yell at you.
Rob Liano|If you don't know what you want, you'll never find it.If you don't know what you deserve, you'll always settle for less.You will wander aimlessly, uncomfortably numb in your comfort zone, wondering how life has ended up here.Life starts now, live, love, laugh and let your light shine!
Margaret George, The Memoirs of Cleopatra|So I learned two things that night, and the next day, from him: the perfection of a moment, and the fleeting nature of it.
Nora Ephron|I have made a lot of mistakes falling in love, and regrettedmost of them, but never the potatoes that went with them.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|I think ... I should go home soon. Mom and Luke are probably going nuts. What about you?"He shrugged, a casual lift of one shoulder. "You tell me. When I left Nevernever, I didn't have any plans other than being with you. If you want me around, just say the word.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me.
Sarah Kay|Such a little thing really, a kiss... most people don't give it a moment's consideration. They kiss on meeting, they kiss on parting, that simple touching of flesh is taken entirely for granted as a basic human right.
Haniel Long|So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty.
Stephen King, Wizard and Glass|If it's ka it'll come like a wind, and your plans will stand before it no more than a barn before a cyclone
Ricky Lee, Para Kay B|Hindi mo pwedeng mahalin ang isang tao nang hindi mo minamahal ang hilaga, silangan, timog at kanluran ng kanyang paniniwala. Kapag nagmahal ka’y dapat mong tanggapin bawat letra ng kanyang birth certificate. Kasama na doon ang kanyang libag, utot at bad breath. Pero me limit. Pantay-pantay ang ibinibigay na karapatan sa lahat ng tao upang lumigaya, o masaktan, o magpakagago, pero kapag sumara na ang mga pinto, nawasak na ang mga puso, nawala na ang mga kaluluwa at ang bilang ay umabot na sa zero, goodbye na. Pero, the memory of that one great but broken love will still sustain you, tama nga na mas matindi ang mga alaala.
Yvonne Woon, Dead Beautiful|Dante laughed. "No cold soup, no goat cheese. I'll make a mental note. And no Gottfried Curse.""And for you it's no food at all. No sleep. And no tunnels.""I'm low maintenance.""Is that what you are? Because I've been trying to figure it out all semester.""And what have you concluded?""A mutant. A rare disease. A creature from the inferno. Dante.""And what if you found out you were right?" he asked. "What if it meant that I could hurt you?""I would say that I'm not scared. Everyone has the ability to hurt. It's the choice that matters.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Soul, if you want to learn secrets, your heart must forget about shame  and dignity. You are God's lover, yet you worry what people are saying.
Michelle Dalton, Sixteenth Summer|A perfect person is easy to love. But when somebody likes all your imperfections, well, that's when you know they really mean it.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|I've got about ten things to say to you right now. But at least nine of them would make me sound like a psycho.”In spite of the seriousness of the situation, I nearly smiled. “What’s the tenth thing?” I asked his shirtfront. He paused, considering it. “Never mind,” he grumbled. “That one would make me sound like a psycho, too.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|As Unto the bow the the cord is ,So unto the man is woman;Though she bends him, she obeys him,Though she draws him , yet she follows:Useless each without the other.
Kelley Armstrong, The Gathering|I want you to have big dreams, big goals. I want you to strive to achieve them. But I don't want to see you beating yourself up every time you make a mistake.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Apollyon|Flipping to the front, I caught Aiden's gaze and offered a sympathetic smile."Skittles?""Please."I dumped some into his open palm, then picked out the green ones. Aiden grinned at me."You know I don't like the green ones?"Shrugging, I popped them in my mouth. "The few times I've seen you eat them, you leave the green ones behind."Deacon popped his head between our seats."That's true love right there.""That it is."Aiden's gaze flicked to the road. I flushed like a little schoolgirl and focused on the remaining pieces of candy until Deacon drifted back into his seat. I handed all the red ones to Aiden.
Jim Carroll, The Basketball Diaries|It was a dream, not a nightmare, a beautiful dream I could never imagine in a thousand nods. There was a girl next to me who wasn't beautiful until she smiled and I felt that smile come at me in heat waves following, soaking through my body and out my finger tips in shafts of color and I knew somewhere in the world, somewhere, that there was love for me.
Anne Rice, Pandora|Oh to have you with me, to have you here, not to be alone, but to be with you, my beauty, you of all souls! You.
Thomas à Kempis|Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of its trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse for impossibility, for it thinks all things are lawful for itself and all things are possible
Taylor Swift|This album is called "FEARLESS," and I guess I'd like to clarify why we chose that as the title. To me, "FEARLESS" is not the absence of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, FEARLESS is having fears. FEARLESS is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, FEARLESS is living in spite of those things that scare you to death. FEARLESS is falling madly in love again, even though you've been hurt before. FEARLESS is walking into your freshmen year of high school at fifteen. FEARLESS is getting back up and fighting for what you want over and over again … even though every time you've tried before, you've lost. It's FEARLESS to have that someday things will change. FEARLESS is having the courage to say goodbye to someone who only hurts you, even if you can't breathe without them. I think it's FEARLESS to fall for your best friend, even though he's in love with someone else. And when someone apologizes to you enough times for things they'll never stop doing, I think it's FEARLESS to top believing them. It's FEARLESS to say, "you're NOT sorry", and walk away. I think loving someone despite what people think is FEARLESS. I think allowing yourself to cry on the bathroom floor is FEARLESS. Letting go is FEARLESS. Then, moving on and being alright … That's FEARLESS too. But no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. You have to believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. That's why I write these songs. Because I think love is FEARLESS.
Sarah Ockler, Twenty Boy Summer|Every morning, I wake up and forget just for a second that it happened. But once my eyes open, it buries me like a landslide of sharp, sad rocks. Once my eyes open, I'm heavy, like there's to much gravity on my heart.
Melissa de la Cruz, Revelations|Bet you can't even name one romantic movie you like," she teased.She felt smug when a few minutes went by and Oliver was still unable to name one romantic movie he could profess to enjoy.The Empire Strikes Back," Oliver finally declared, tapping his horn at a Prius that wandered over the line.The Empire Strikes Back? The Star Wars movie? That's not romantic!" Schuyler huffed, fiddling with the air conditioner controls.Au contraire, my dear, it's very romantic. The last scene, you know, when they're about to put Han in that freezing cryogenic chamber or whatever? Remember?"Schuyler mmm-hmmmed.And Leia leans over the ledge and says, 'I love you.'"That's cheesy, not romatic," Schuyler argued, although she did like that part.Let me explain. What's romantic is what Han says back. Remember what he says to her? After she says 'I love you'?"Schuyler grinned. Maybe Oliver had a point. "Han says, 'I know.'"Exactly," Oliver tapped the wheel. "He doesn't have to say anything so trite as 'I love you." Because that's already understood. And that's romantic.
Amanda Grace, But I Love Him|It's not fair. It's not fair that he lets his rage take over, that he lets it rule him. I don't know why he has to let it rule him. I don't know why he has to be two people. I don't know why he gets to be two people, and I only get to be me, the one who is here to take what he has to give, and who is here to pick pu the pieces afterward.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|And here comes in the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. It might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both; but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved.
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|I am running after you, and life, in desperate pursuit. My dream is that someday you will both turn and let me catch you. That dream carries me through every night... I have enclosed a hundred kisses in this letter. You must count them out carefully and not lose any.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You are evidence of your mother's strength, especially if you are a rebellious knucklehead and regardless she has always maintained her sanity.
Mary Oliver|Why I Wake Early Hello, sun in my face.Hello, you who made the morningand spread it over the fieldsand into the faces of the tulipsand the nodding morning glories,and into the windows of, even, themiserable and the crotchety – best preacher that ever was,dear star, that just happensto be where you are in the universeto keep us from ever-darkness,to ease us with warm touching,to hold us in the great hands of light –good morning, good morning, good morning.Watch, now, how I start the dayin happiness, in kindness.
George R.R. Martin, Dreamsongs Section 5: Hybrids and Horrors|Of all the bright cruel lies they tell you, the cruelest is the one called love.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Elizabeth's spirit's soon rising to playfulness again, she wanted Mr. Darcy to account for his having ever fallen in love with her. 'How could you begin?' said she. begun.
C. Elizabeth|Though sorrow may impede my heart,It is of great love to have known you.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|I found myself grinning until my cheeks hurt, my scalp prickling till I thought it might lift off my head. My tongue ran away from me, giddy with freedom. This, and this, and this, I said to him. I did not have to fear that I spoke too much. I did not have to worry that I was too slender, or too slow. This and this and this! I taught him how to skip stones, and he taught me how to carve wood. I could feel every nerve in my body, every brush of air against my skin.
Masashi Kishimoto|For awhile, I thought that was love.-Gaara
Osho|I love, because my love is not dependent on the object of love. My love is dependent on my state of being. So whether the other person changes, becomes different, friend turns into a foe, does not matter, because my love was never dependent on the other person. My love is my state of being. I simply love.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Self-righteousness is much like a spiritual egocentricity. It constitutes a secular type of love that thrives under conditionality, one in which is only existent after an individual meets the adopted standards of the condemner; oppositely, unconditional love is a holy love.
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Love of love written by the broken hearted, love of life written by the dead.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|Some things are private. Some things needed to be said, even when the person who needed to hear them couldn’t hear anything. Ever again.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall trouble or hardship or persecution or famine or nakedness or danger or sword? 36 As it is written: "For your sake we face death all day long; we are considered as sheep to be slaughtered." 37 No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. 38 For I am convinced that neither death nor life, neither angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, 39 neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
Susan Wiggs, Summer by the Sea|She knew with painful certainty that the opposite of love was not hate, but indifference.
Faraaz Kazi|Little did I realise how much I would miss those ten minutes, those ten minutes in which I lived an entire lifetime.
Brenna Yovanoff|My father gave me a ruined boy to compensate for the fact that he does not love me. The boy is fragile, broken—broke himself—broke everything.I asked him why he did it. He said because the world was unlivable. He said it was unlovable, but I think he meant himself. I think he meant that loneliness is sometimes painful.I curl against him, tuck my head beneath his chin and listen to his heart. It says stay and wait. It says regret. He knows what it is to want love, a love so fierce you grow roots. I hear his heart say please. He went looking for angels and found me instead, girl of the sorrows, sad but not sorry. I waited for a sign, a star to fall. He reached for a knife and drew branches.
Shay Savage, Transcendence|I wonder what I will do if she doesn't wake up, and I don't have an answer. As I lie back down next to her and pull her into my arms, my stomach growls, and suddenly I know exactly what I will do. If she doesn't wake up, then I will just lie with her until I don't wake up either.
Stendhal|If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us
Michael Ondaatje, Coming Through Slaughter|This last night we tear into each other, as if to wound, as if to find the key to everything before morning.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|I know I'm not going to be in your head all the time. But once you know me, I'll be forever in your heart. 
Johanna Lindsey, A Loving Scoundrel|What is a friend if not someone you feel close to, someone you like being with, someone you can confide in and share pleasure with.-Jeremy Malory-
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|When a woman loves you she's not satisfied until she possesses your soul. Because she's weak, she has a rage for domination, and nothing less will satisfy her.
Roman Payne, Hope and Despair|It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains... If only one could leave this life slowly!
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|(What are your ghosts like?)(They are on the insides of the lids of my eyes.)(This is also where my ghosts reside.)(You have ghosts?)(Of course I have ghosts.)(But you are a child.)(I am not a child.)(But you have not known love.)(These are my ghosts, the spaces amid love.)
Kiera Cass, The One|What am I supposed to call you?""Your Royal Husbandness. It's required by law, I'm afraid.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|dear kiara, The women in the shop told me that yellow rose represents friendship and red rose shows love. And the rosery is the only thing i own that i care for, its yours i'm yours C
Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One|She had been proud of his decision to serve his country, her heart bursting with love and admiration the first time she saw him outfitted in his dress blues. 
Francesca Lia Block, Witch Baby|My mother says that pain is hidden in everyone you see. She says try to imagine it like big bunches of flowers that everyone is carrying around with them. Think of your pain like a big bunch of red roses, a beautiful thorn necklace. Everyone has one.
Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One|It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right.
Ashly Lorenzana|The more fucked up you are, the more I like you. As long as you've managed to hold onto your identity through all the shit, then it won't matter how twisted you are. I will love you more for it.
Emily Dickinson|We outgrow love like other things and put it in a drawer, till it an antique fashion shows like costumes grandsires wore.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|There are only so many of us born at a time and we are thrown into the world to find each other, to find the other ones who don't think you're strange, who understand your jokes, your smile, the way you talk.There are only so many of us born at a time and we only have so long to find each other before we die.But we have to try.
Lisa See, Shanghai Girls|We hug, but there are no tears. For every awful thing that's been said and done, she is my sister. Parents die, daughters grow up and marry out, but sisters are for life. She is the only person left in the world who shares my memories of our childhood, our parents, our Shanghai, our struggles, our sorrows, and, yes, even our moments of happiness and triumph. My sister is the one person who truly knows me, as I know her. The last thing May says to me is 'When our hair is white, we'll still have our sister love.
Gary Chapman, The Five Love Languages: How to Express Heartfelt Commitment to Your Mate|Encouragement requires empathy and seeing the world from your spouse's perspective. We must first learn what is important to our spouse. Only then can we give encouragement. With verbal encouragement, we are trying to communicate, "I know. I care. I am with you. How can I help?" We are trying to show that we believe in him and in his abilities. We are giving credit and praise.
Justin Bieber|Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time) Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time)Me plus you. (Imma tell you one time)One time. When I met ya girl my heart when knock (knock knock) Now them butterflies in my stomach won't stop (stop stop) Even love is a struggle and it's all we got. So we gun keep keep climbing to the mountain top. 'Cause your world, is my world, and my breath is your breath, and my heart is yours...
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|Cole,” I said, “do you think I’m lovable?”“As in ‘cuddly and’?”“As in ‘able to be loved,’” I said.Cole’s gaze was unwavering. Just for a moment, I had the strange idea that I could see exactly what he had looked like when he was younger, and exactly what he’d look like when he was older. It was piercing, a secret glimpse of his future. “Maybe,” he said. “But you won’t let anybody try.”I closed my eyes and swallowed. “I can’t tell the diference between not fighting,” I said,“and giving up.”Despite my eyelids being tightly shut, a single, hot tear ran out of my left eye. I was so angry that it had escaped. I was so angry.Beneath me, the bed tipped as Cole edged closer. I felt him lean over me. His breath, warm and measured, hit my cheek. Two breaths. Three. Four. I didn’t know what I wanted. Then I heard him stop breathing, and a second later, I felt his lips on my mouth. It wasn’t the sort of kiss I’d had with him before, hungry, wanting, desperate. It wasn’t the sort of kiss I’d had with anyone before. This kiss was so soft that it was like a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it waslike a memory of a kiss, so careful on my lips that it was like someone running his fingers along them. My mouth parted and stilled; it was so quiet, a whisper, not a shout. Cole’s hand touched my neck, thumb pressed into theskin next to my jaw. It wasn’t a touch that said “I need more”. It was a touch that said “I want this.”It was all completely soundless. I didn’t think either of us was breathing.Cole sat back up, slowly, and I opened my eyes. His expression, as ever, was blank, the face he wore when something mattered.He said, “That’s how I would kiss you, if I loved you.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|We're connected, as women. It's like a spiderweb. If one part of that web vibrates, if there's trouble, we all know it, but most of the time we're just too scared, or selfish, or insecure to help. But if we don't help each other, who will?
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|I have loved no part of the world like this and I have loved no women as I love you. You're my human Africa. I love your smell as I love these smells. I love your dark bush as I love the bush here, you change with the light as this place does, so that one all the time is loving something different and yet the same. I want to spill myself out into you as I want to die here.
Ayn Rand|To say ‘I love you’ one must first know how to say the ‘I.’ The meaning of the ‘I’ is an independent, self-sufficient entity that does not exist for the sake of any other person. A person who exists only for the sake of his loved one is not an independent entity, but a spiritual parasite. The love of a parasite is worth nothing.
Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex|You know, Miss Holly, you look very dramatic like that, backlit by the fire. Very attractive, if I may say so. I know you shared a moment passionne with Artemis which he subsequently fouled up with his typical boorish behavior. Let me just throw something out there for you to consider while we're chasing the probe: I share Artemis's passion but not his boorishness. No pressure; just think about it.This was enough to elicit a deafening moment of silence even in the middle of a crisis, which Orion seemed to be blissfully unaffected by.
Scott Spencer, Endless Love|The only things I regret, and the only things I'll ever regret are things I didn't do. In the end, that's what we mourn. The paths we didn't take. The people we didn't touch.
Toni Braxton|..And i can't get you out of my mind,God knows how hard I've tried
Jackson Pearce, As You Wish|All I've learned in today's Shakespeare class is: Sometimes you have to fall in love with the wrong person just so you can find the right person. A more useful lesson would've been: Sometimes the right person doesn't love you back. Or sometimes the right person is gay. Or sometimes you just aren't the right person.Thanks for nothing, Shakespeare.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|Sometimes a woman's love of being loved gets the better of her conscience, and though she is agonized at the thought of treating a man cruelly, she encourages him to love her while she doesn't love him at all. Then, when she sees him suffering, her remorse sets in, and she does what she can to repair the wrong.
Madeleine L'Engle|Stories make us more alive, more human, more courageous, more loving.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Intrigued by that enigma, he dug so deeply into her sentiments that in search of interest he found love, because by trying to make her love him he ended up falling in love with her.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|They finished laughing and caught their breaths, and looked at each other, and Ani thought Geric looked at her too long, as though he forgot he was looking, as though he did not wish to do anything else. She looked back. Her took heart took its time quieting down.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|Because misery, and degradation, and death, and nothing that God or Satan could inflict would have parted us, you, of your own will did it. I have no broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine. So much the worse for me that I am strong.
Alexandra Elle|No matter how bad you want a person, if your hearts are in two different places, you’ll have to pass and move on.
Slavoj Žižek|Love feels like a great misfortune, a monstrous parasite, a permanent state of emergency that ruins all small pleasures.
Jeanette Winterson|Love, they say, enslaves and passion is a demon and many have been lost for love. I know this is true, but I know too that without love we grope the tunnels of our lives and never see the sun. When I fell in love it was as though I looked into a mirror for the first time and saw myself. I lifted my hand in bewilderment and felt my cheeks, my neck. This was me. And when I had looked at myself and grown accustomed to who I was, I was not afraid to hate parts of me because I wanted to be worthy of the mirror bearer.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|If the concept of God has any validity or any use, it can only be to make us larger, freer, and more loving. If God cannot do this, then it is time we got rid of Him.
Erykah Badu|Never knew what a friendship was, Never knew how to really love, You can't be what I need you to, & I don't know why I fuck with you
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|You can have everything in the world, but if you don't have love, none of it means crap," he said promptly. "Love is patient. Love is kind. Love always forgives, trusts, supports, and endures. Love never fails. When every star in the heavens grows cold, and when silence lies once more on the face of the deep, three things will endure: faith, hope, and love." And the greatest of these is love," I finished. "That's from the Bible." First Corinthians, chapter thirteen," Thomas confirmed. "I paraphrased. Father makes all of us memorize that passage. Like when parents put those green yucky-face stickers on the poisonous cleaning products under the kitchen sink.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Kamila Shamsie, Kartography|Her definition of romance was absentminded intimacy, the way someone else's hand stray to your plate of food.I replied: no, that's just friendship; romance is always knowing exactly where that someone else's hands are. She smiled and said, there was a time I thought that way, too. But at the heart of the romance is the knowledge that those hands may wander off elsewhere, but somehow through luck or destiny or plain blind groping they'll find a way back to you, and maybe you'll be smart enough then to be grateful for everything that's still possible, in spit of your own weaknesses- and his.
Robert Frost|Ah, when to the heart of man Was it ever less than a treason To go with the drift of things, To yield with a grace to reason, And bow and accept the end Of a love or a season?
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|She looks at the swings, and I can see she’s imagining what they’d look like if the kids weren’t there. The guilt of this holds her down momentarily. It appears to be there constantly. Never far away, despite her love for them.I realize that nothing belongs to her anymore and she belongs to everything.
Ron Hall|To love a man enough to help him, you have to forfeit the warm, self-righteous glow that comes from judging.
Nicholas Sparks|For a moment, I wondered how different my life would have been had they been my parents, but I shook the thought away. I knew my father had done the best he could, and I had no regrets about the way I'd turned out. Regrets about the journey, maybe, but not the destination. Because however it had happened, I'd somehow ended up eating shrimp in a dingy downtown shack with a girl that I already knew I'd never forget.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|Some men die for lack of love…some die because of it. Think about it." - Daemon
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|Is it possible to love so desperately that life is unbearable? I don't mean unrequited, I mean being in the love. In the midst of it and desperate. Because knowing it will end, because everything does. End.
Colleen Houck|It’s like this…a starving man would gladly eat a radish, right? In fact, a radish would be a feast if that’s all he had. But if he had a buffet in front of him, the radish would never be chosen.
Colleen Houck|That dress…was a very, very good decision. I could write an entire poem on the virtues of your legs alone. You are a feast for the senses.” I laughed. “I don’t know about a feast. Maybe just an hors d'oeuvre.” He took my hand and wrapped it around his arm. “Not an hors d'oeuvre. The dessert. And I plan to spoil my appetite.
Helen Keller|Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|We do not need to go out and find love; rather, we need to be still and let love discover us.
Jean-Paul Sartre|It answers the question that was tormenting you: my love, you are not 'one thing in my life' - not even the most important - because my life no longer belongs to me because...you are always me.
Lao Tzu|Because of a great love, one is courageous.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|But that afternoon he asked himself, with his infinite capacity for illusion, if such pitiless indifference might not be a subterfuge for hiding the torments of love.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Images flashed through his mind. He saw Nico and his sister on a snowy cliff in Maine, Percy Jackson protecting them from a manticore. Percy's sword gleamed in the dark. He'd been the first demigod Nico had ever seen in action. He was Nico's favorite game, Mythomagic, brought to life.Jason saw the moment when Percy returned and told Nico that Bianca was dead. Nico had screamed and called him a liar. He'd felt betrayed, but still... when the skeleton warriors attacked, he couldn't let them harm Percy. Nico had called on the earth to swallow them up, and then he'd run away- terrified of his own powers, and his own emotions.
Walter Scott|Love rules the court, the camp, the grove, and men below, and the saints above, for love is heaven, and heaven is love. 
Gail Carson Levine, The Two Princesses of Bamarre|Drualt took Freya's warm hand,Her strong hand,Her sword hand,And pressed it to his lips,Pressed it to his heart.Come with me,' he said.Come with me to battle,My love. Tarry at my side.Stay with meWhen battle is done.Tarry at my side.Laugh with me,And walk with meThe long, long way.Tarry with me,My love, at my side.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|In this here place, we flesh; flesh that weeps, laughs; flesh that dances on bare feet in grass. Love it. Love it hard. Yonder they do not love your flesh. They despise it. They don't love your eyes; they'd just as soon pick em out. No more do they love the skin on your back. Yonder they flay it. And O my people they do not love your hands. Those they only use, tie, bind, chop off and leave empty. Love your hands! Love them. Raise them up and kiss them. Touch others with them, pat them together, stroke them on your face 'cause they don't love that either. You got to love it, you! And no, they ain't in love with your mouth. Yonder, out there, they will see it broken and break it again. What you say out of it they will not heed. What you scream from it they do not hear. What you put into it to nourish your body they will snatch away and give you leavins instead. No, they don't love your mouth. You got to love it. This is flesh I'm talking about here. Flesh that needs to be loved. Feet that need to rest and to dance; backs that need support; shoulders that need arms, strong arms I'm telling you. And O my people, out yonder, hear me, they do not love your neck unnoosed and straight. So love your neck; put a hand on it, grace it, stroke it and hold it up. and all your inside parts that they'd just as soon slop for hogs, you got to love them. The dark, dark liver--love it, love it and the beat and beating heart, love that too. More than eyes or feet. More than lungs that have yet to draw free air. More than your life-holding womb and your life-giving private parts, hear me now, love your heart. For this is the prize.
Ellen Hopkins, Impulse|I'd sleep outside naked in the blizzard,for you.
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|What it means to be human is to bring up your children in safety, educate them, keep them healthy, teach them how to care for themselves and others, allow them to develop in their own way among adults who are sane and responsibile, who know the value of the world and not its economic potential. It means art, it means time, it means all the invisibles never counted by the GDP and the census figures. It means knowing that life has an inside as well as an outside. And I think it means love.
Wayne W. Dyer|In any relationship in which two people become one, the end result is two half people.
Cassandra Clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|Happy birthday, Alexander," Magnus murmured."Thanks for remembering," Alec whispered back.
Maria V. Snyder, Touch of Power|Oh, you made an impression. Like a stone caught in my boot.
Dr. Seuss|Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.
Mae West|You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Oscar Wilde|To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Narcotics Anonymous|Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Mark Twain|Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul|I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
Dr. Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!|Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
Albert Einstein|Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Bessie Anderson Stanley, More Heart Throbs Volume Two in Prose and Verse Dear to the American People And by them contributed as a Supplement to the original $10,000 Prize Book HEART THROBS|He has achieved success who has lived well, laughed often, and loved much;Who has enjoyed the trust of pure women, the respect of intelligent men and the love of little children;Who has filled his niche and accomplished his task;Who has never lacked appreciation of Earth's beauty or failed to express it;Who has left the world better than he found it,Whether an improved poppy, a perfect poem, or a rescued soul;Who has always looked for the best in others and given them the best he had;Whose life was an inspiration;Whose memory a benediction.
Jimi Hendrix, Jimi Hendrix - Axis: Bold as Love|I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I can never read all the books I want; I can never be all the people I want and live all the lives I want. I can never train myself in all the skills I want. And why do I want? I want to live and feel all the shades, tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.
Albert Einstein|I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|We're all human, aren't we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving.
George Harrison|If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
George V. Higgins, The Friends of Eddie Coyle|This life’s hard, but it’s harder if you’re stupid.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Death ends a life, not a relationship.
Gustave Flaubert|Do not read, as children do, to amuse yourself, or like the ambitious, for the purpose of instruction. No, read in order to live.
Margaret Mead|Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
Gilda Radner|I wanted a perfect ending. Now I've learned, the hard way, that some poems don't rhyme, and some stories don't have a clear beginning, middle, and end. Life is about not knowing, having to change, taking the moment and making the best of it, without knowing what's going to happen next.Delicious Ambiguity.
E.B. White|If the world were merely seductive, that would be easy. If it were merely challenging, that would be no problem. But I arise in the morning torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day.
Arundhati Roy, The Cost of Living|To love. To be loved. To never forget your own insignificance. To never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity of life around you. To seek joy in the saddest places. To pursue beauty to its lair. To never simplify what is complicated or complicate what is simple. To respect strength, never power. Above all, to watch. To try and understand. To never look away. And never, never to forget.
Robert Frost, Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening|These woods are lovely, dark and deep,But I have promises to keep,And miles to go before I sleep,And miles to go before I sleep.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There will come a time when all of us are dead. All of us. There will come a time when there are no human beings remaining to remember that anyone ever existed or that our species ever did anything. There will be no one left to remember Aristotle or Cleopatra, let alone you. Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten and all of this will have been for naught. Maybe that time is coming soon and maybe it is millions of years away, but even if we survive the collapse of our sun, we will not survive forever. There was time before organisms experienced consciousness, and there will be time after. And if the inevitability of human oblivion worries you, I encourage you to ignore it. God knows that’s what everyone else does.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.
May Sarton|We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|I DON'T CARE!" Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing it into the fireplace. "I'VE HAD ENOUGH, I'VE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END, I DON'T CARE ANYMORE!""You do care," said Dumbledore. He had not flinched or made a single move to stop Harry demolishing his office. His expression was calm, almost detached. "You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
John Lennon|When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.
John Greenleaf Whittier, Maud Muller - Pamphlet|Of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been.
George Bernard Shaw|A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Do not let your fire go out, spark by irreplaceable spark in the hopeless swamps of the not-quite, the not-yet, and the not-at-all. Do not let the hero in your soul perish in lonely frustration for the life you deserved and have never been able to reach. The world you desire can be won. It exists.. it is real.. it is possible.. it's yours.
Chad Sugg, Monsters Under Your Head|If you're reading this...Congratulations, you're alive.If that's not something to smile about,then I don't know what is.
Abigail Van Buren|The best index to a person's character is how he treats people who can't do him any good, and how he treats people who can't fight back.
Stephen King|Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Alan Moore|My experience of life is that it is not divided up into genres; it’s a horrifying, romantic, tragic, comical, science-fiction cowboy detective novel. You know, with a bit of pornography if you're lucky.
Lemony Snicket, The Grim Grotto|People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Woody Allen|I don't know the question, but sex is definitely the answer.
William Goldman, William Goldman: Four Screenplays with Essays|Life is pain, highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something.
George Carlin|Religion has actually convinced people that there's an invisible man living in the sky who watches everything you do, every minute of every day. And the invisible man has a special list of ten things he does not want you to do. And if you do any of these ten things, he has a special place, full of fire and smoke and burning and torture and anguish, where he will send you to live and suffer and burn and choke and scream and cry forever and ever 'til the end of time!But He loves you. He loves you, and He needs money! He always needs money! He's all-powerful, all-perfect, all-knowing, and all-wise, somehow just can't handle money!
Jim Morrison|People are afraid of themselves, of their own reality; their feelings most of all. People talk about how great love is, but that’s bullshit. Love hurts. Feelings are disturbing. People are taught that pain is evil and dangerous. How can they deal with love if they’re afraid to feel? Pain is meant to wake us up. People try to hide their pain. But they’re wrong. Pain is something to carry, like a radio. You feel your strength in the experience of pain. It’s all in how you carry it. That’s what matters. Pain is a feeling. Your feelings are a part of you. Your own reality. If you feel ashamed of them, and hide them, you’re letting society destroy your reality. You should stand up for your right to feel your pain.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime...
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.
Albert Schweitzer|Sometimes our light goes out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encounter with another human being.
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Albus Severus," Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and she was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, "you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of them was a Slytherin and he was probably the bravest man I ever knew.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Nobody likes being alone that much. I don't go out of my way to make friends, that's all. It just leads to disappointment. 
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|Simplicity, patience, compassion.These three are your greatest treasures.Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.Patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.Compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember.
Kalu Ndukwe Kalu|The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.
Hunter S. Thompson, The Proud Highway: Saga of a Desperate Southern Gentleman, 1955-1967|Life should not be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in a pretty and well preserved body, but rather to skid in broadside in a cloud of smoke, thoroughly used up, totally worn out, and loudly proclaiming "Wow! What a Ride!
Gordon B. Hinckley|Life is to be enjoyed, not endured
John Lennon|The more I see, the less I know for sure.
C. JoyBell C.|If you want to forget something or someone, never hate it, or never hate him/her. Everything and everyone that you hate is engraved upon your heart; if you want to let go of something, if you want to forget, you cannot hate.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Dare to BeWhen a new day begins, dare to smile gratefully.When there is darkness, dare to be the first to shine a light.When there is injustice, dare to be the first to condemn it.When something seems difficult, dare to do it anyway.When life seems to beat you down, dare to fight back.When there seems to be no hope, dare to find some.When you’re feeling tired, dare to keep going.When times are tough, dare to be tougher.When love hurts you, dare to love again.When someone is hurting, dare to help them heal.When another is lost, dare to help them find the way.When a friend falls, dare to be the first to extend a hand.When you cross paths with another, dare to make them smile.When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too.When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best.Dare to be the best you can –At all times, Dare to be!
G.K. Chesterton|The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|That was the thing. You never got used to it, the idea of someone being gone. Just when you think it's reconciled, accepted, someone points it out to you, and it just hits you all over again, that shocking.
Jorge Luis Borges|I am not sure that I exist, actually. I am all the writers that I have read, all the people that I have met, all the women that I have loved; all the cities I have visited.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|It was not the feeling of completeness I so needed, but the feeling of not being empty.
Logan Pearsall Smith|People say that life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph:THE ONLY PROOF HE NEEDEDFOR THE EXISTENCE OF GODWAS MUSIC
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|Don't be afraid of death; be afraid of an unlived life. You don't have to live forever, you just have to live.
Mark Twain|Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Haruki Murakami|No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.
Hermann Hesse, Bäume. Betrachtungen und Gedichte|For me, trees have always been the most penetrating preachers. I revere them when they live in tribes and families, in forests and groves. And even more I revere them when they stand alone. They are like lonely persons. Not like hermits who have stolen away out of some weakness, but like great, solitary men, like Beethoven and Nietzsche. In their highest boughs the world rustles, their roots rest in infinity; but they do not lose themselves there, they struggle with all the force of their lives for one thing only: to fulfil themselves according to their own laws, to build up their own form, to represent themselves. Nothing is holier, nothing is more exemplary than a beautiful, strong tree. When a tree is cut down and reveals its naked death-wound to the sun, one can read its whole history in the luminous, inscribed disk of its trunk: in the rings of its years, its scars, all the struggle, all the suffering, all the sickness, all the happiness and prosperity stand truly written, the narrow years and the luxurious years, the attacks withstood, the storms endured. And every young farmboy knows that the hardest and noblest wood has the narrowest rings, that high on the mountains and in continuing danger the most indestructible, the strongest, the ideal trees grow. Trees are sanctuaries. Whoever knows how to speak to them, whoever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth. They do not preach learning and precepts, they preach, undeterred by particulars, the ancient law of life. A tree says: A kernel is hidden in me, a spark, a thought, I am life from eternal life. The attempt and the risk that the eternal mother took with me is unique, unique the form and veins of my skin, unique the smallest play of leaves in my branches and the smallest scar on my bark. I was made to form and reveal the eternal in my smallest special detail. A tree says: My strength is trust. I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me. I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else. I trust that God is in me. I trust that my labor is holy. Out of this trust I live. When we are stricken and cannot bear our lives any longer, then a tree has something to say to us: Be still! Be still! Look at me! Life is not easy, life is not difficult. Those are childish thoughts. Let God speak within you, and your thoughts will grow silent. You are anxious because your path leads away from mother and home. But every step and every day lead you back again to the mother. Home is neither here nor there. Home is within you, or home is nowhere at all. A longing to wander tears my heart when I hear trees rustling in the wind at evening. If one listens to them silently for a long time, this longing reveals its kernel, its meaning. It is not so much a matter of escaping from one's suffering, though it may seem to be so. It is a longing for home, for a memory of the mother, for new metaphors for life. It leads home. Every path leads homeward, every step is birth, every step is death, every grave is mother. So the tree rustles in the evening, when we stand uneasy before our own childish thoughts: Trees have long thoughts, long-breathing and restful, just as they have longer lives than ours. They are wiser than we are, as long as we do not listen to them. But when we have learned how to listen to trees, then the brevity and the quickness and the childlike hastiness of our thoughts achieve an incomparable joy. Whoever has learned how to listen to trees no longer wants to be a tree. He wants to be nothing except what he is. That is home. That is happiness.
Émile Zola|If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|A learning experience is one of those things that says, 'You know that thing you just did? Don't do that.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|No one knows for certain how much impact they have on the lives of other people. Oftentimes, we have no clue. Yet we push it just the same.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|It's all in the view. That's what I mean about forever, too. For any one of us our forever could end in an hour, or a hundred years from now. You never know for sure, so you'd better make every second count.
Jodi Picoult|Once you had put the pieces back together, even though you may look intact, you were never quite the same as you'd been before the fall.
C. JoyBell C.|You will find that it is necessary to let things go; simply for the reason that they are heavy. So let them go, let go of them. I tie no weights to my ankles.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.
Paulo Coelho|We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Don’t try to make life a mathematics problem with yourself in the center and everything coming out equal. When you’re good, bad things can still happen. And if you’re bad, you can still be lucky.
Steve Maraboli|Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.
C. JoyBell C.|I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.
François de La Rochefoucauld|No persons are more frequently wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|The more you know who you are, and what you want, the less you let things upset you.
Maxine Hong Kingston|In a time of destruction, create something.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|To be, or not to be: that is the question:Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to sufferThe slings and arrows of outrageous fortune,Or to take arms against a sea of troubles,And by opposing end them? To die: to sleep;No more; and by a sleep to say we endThe heart-ache and the thousand natural shocksThat flesh is heir to, 'tis a consummationDevoutly to be wish'd. To die, to sleep;To sleep: perchance to dream: ay, there's the rub;For in that sleep of death what dreams may comeWhen we have shuffled off this mortal coil,Must give us pause: there's the respectThat makes calamity of so long life;For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,The oppressor's wrong, the proud man's contumely,The pangs of despised love, the law's delay,The insolence of office and the spurnsThat patient merit of the unworthy takes,When he himself might his quietus makeWith a bare bodkin? who would fardels bear,To grunt and sweat under a weary life,But that the dread of something after death,The undiscover'd country from whose bournNo traveller returns, puzzles the willAnd makes us rather bear those ills we haveThan fly to others that we know not of?Thus conscience does make cowards of us all;And thus the native hue of resolutionIs sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,And enterprises of great pith and momentWith this regard their currents turn awry,And lose the name of action.--Soft you now!The fair Ophelia! Nymph, in thy orisonsBe all my sins remember'd!
Paulo Coelho, Brida|When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Whenever you read a cancer booklet or website or whatever, they always list depression among the side effects of cancer. But, in fact, depression is not a side effect of cancer. Depression is a side effect of dying.
Nicholas Sparks, The Rescue|People come, people go – they’ll drift in and out of your life, almost like characters in a favorite book. When you finally close the cover, the characters have told their story and you start up again with another book, complete with new characters and adventures. Then you find yourself focusing on the new ones, not the ones from the past.
Frank Zappa|If you end up with a boring miserable life because you listened to your mom, your dad, your teacher, your priest, or some guy on television telling you how to do your shit, then you deserve it.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If people refuse to look at you in a new light and they can only see you for what you were, only see you for the mistakes you've made, if they don't realize that you are not your mistakes, then they have to go.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|You endure what is unbearable, and you bear it. That is all.
Anaïs Nin|We do not grow absolutely, chronologically. We grow sometimes in one dimension, and not in another; unevenly. We grow partially. We are relative. We are mature in one realm, childish in another. The past, present, and future mingle and pull us backward, forward, or fix us in the present. We are made up of layers, cells, constellations.
Eleanor Roosevelt|The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.
Sylvia Plath|Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but of playing a poor hand well.
Terry Pratchett, Sourcery|I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?"Death thought about it.CATS, he said eventually. CATS ARE NICE.
Peter Shaffer, Five Finger Exercise|The trouble is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other people spend it for you.
Jasper Fforde, Something Rotten|If the real world were a book, it would never find a publisher. Overlong, detailed to the point of distraction-and ultimately, without a major resolution.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|No matter how careful you are, there's going to be the sense you missed something, the collapsed feeling under your skin that you didn't experience it all. There's that fallen heart feeling that you rushed right through the moments where you should've been paying attention.Well, get used to that feeling. That's how your whole life will feel some day.This is all practice.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|There is only one sin. and that is theft... when you tell a lie, you steal someones right to the truth.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.
Dr. Seuss|They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
Charles Darwin, The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, 1809–82|If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week.
Harvey Fierstein|Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life, but define yourself.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|How nice -- to feel nothing, and still get full credit for being alive.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back. That's part of what it means to be alive. But inside our heads - at least that's where I imagine it - there's a little room where we store those memories. A room like the stacks in this library. And to understand the workings of our own heart we have to keep on making new reference cards. We have to dust things off every once in awhile, let in fresh air, change the water in the flower vases. In other words, you'll live forever in your own private library.
Oprah Winfrey|Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservation, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|If you want to be happy, do not dwell in the past, do not worry about the future, focus on living fully in the present.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|When things break, it's not the actual breaking that prevents them from getting back together again. It's because a little piece gets lost - the two remaining ends couldn't fit together even if they wanted to. The whole shape has changed.
Leo Tolstoy, Essays, Letters and Miscellanies|If, then, I were asked for the most important advice I could give, that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our century, I should simply say: in the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|We are all different. Don’t judge, understand instead.
Anaïs Nin|Luxury is not a necessity to me, but beautiful and good things are.
Ben Okri|The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
Woody Allen|Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
Neil Gaiman, M Is for Magic|Stories you read when you're the right age never quite leave you. You may forget who wrote them or what the story was called. Sometimes you'll forget precisely what happened, but if a story touches you it will stay with you, haunting the places in your mind that you rarely ever visit.
Alysha Speer|Laugh, even when you feel too sick or too worn out or tired. Smile, even when you're trying not to cry and the tears are blurring your vision. Sing, even when people stare at you and tell you your voice is crappy. Trust, even when your heart begs you not to. Twirl, even when your mind makes no sense of what you see. Frolick, even when you are made fun of. Kiss, even when others are watching. Sleep, even when you're afraid of what the dreams might bring. Run, even when it feels like you can't run any more.And, always, remember, even when the memories pinch your heart. Because the pain of all your experience is what makes you the person you are now. And without your experience---you are an empty page, a blank notebook, a missing lyric. What makes you brave is your willingness to live through your terrible life and hold your head up high the next day. So don't live life in fear. Because you are stronger now, after all the crap has happened, than you ever were back before it started.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Acts of Kindness:A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Believe in Your HeartBelieve in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.
Stephen Fry|If you know someone who’s depressed, please resolve never to ask them why. Depression isn’t a straightforward response to a bad situation; depression just is, like the weather.Try to understand the blackness, lethargy, hopelessness, and loneliness they’re going through. Be there for them when they come through the other side. It’s hard to be a friend to someone who’s depressed, but it is one of the kindest, noblest, and best things you will ever do.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat Pray Love: One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia|Your emotions are the slaves to your thoughts, and you are the slave to your emotions.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|It is not the length of life, but the depth.
Charles M. Schulz|Sometimes I lie awake at night, and I ask, 'Where have I gone wrong'.Then a voice says to me, 'This is going to take more than one night.
Audrey Hepburn|I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles
Francis Bacon, The Advancement Of Learning|If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Death is so terribly final, while life is full of possibilities.
Mae West|I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.
Marie Curie|Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Katharine Weber, The Music Lesson|Life seems sometimes like nothing more than a series of losses, from beginning to end. That's the given. How you respond to those losses, what you make of what's left, that's the part you have to make up as you go.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|What makes big boobs and perkiness so attractive to boys? I mean, really. Two round, mounds of fat and a fake smile. Yeah, winning attributes.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|There are times to stay put, and what you want will come to you, and there are times to go out into the world and find such a thing for yourself.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Be grateful for what you already have while you pursue your goals. If you aren’t grateful for what you already have, what makes you think you would be happy with more.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are.
Roy T. Bennett|Don't let the expectations and opinions of other people affect your decisions. It's your life, not theirs. Do what matters most to you; do what makes you feel alive and happy. Don't let the expectations and ideas of others limit who you are. If you let others tell you who you are, you are living their reality — not yours. There is more to life than pleasing people. There is much more to life than following others' prescribed path. There is so much more to life than what you experience right now. You need to decide who you are for yourself. Become a whole being. Adventure.
Dalai Lama XIV|There is a saying in Tibetan, 'Tragedy should be utilized as a source of strength.'No matter what sort of difficulties, how painful experience is, if we lose our hope, that's our real disaster.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I walk around the school hallways and look at the people. I look at the teachers and wonder why they're here. If they like their jobs. Or us. And I wonder how smart they were when they were fifteen. Not in a mean way. In a curious way. It's like looking at all the students and wondering who's had their heart broken that day, and how they are able to cope with having three quizzes and a book report due on top of that. Or wondering who did the heart breaking. And wondering why.
Amy Tan|If you can't change your fate, change your attitude.
Groucho Marx|The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Judy Blume|My only advice is to stay aware, listen carefully, and yell for help if you need it.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Roy T. Bennett|Respect other people's feelings. It might mean nothing to you, but it could mean everything to them.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you.
C. JoyBell C.|Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.
Katharine Hepburn, Me|We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
Simone de Beauvoir, La Vieillesse|I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity. I want this adventure that is the context of my life to go on without end.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|It was only a sunny smile, and little it cost in the giving, but like morning light it scattered the night and made the day worth living.
Robert A. Heinlein|Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist-a master-and that is what Auguste Rodin was-can look at an old woman, protray her exactly as she is...and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be...and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body. He can make you feel the quiet, endless tragedy that there was never a girl born who ever grew older than eighteen in her heart...no matter what the merciless hours have done to her. Look at her, Ben. Growing old doesn't matter to you and me; we were never meant to be admired-but it does to them.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Roy T. Bennett|It’s only after you’ve stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|After all, tomorrow is another day!
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder
George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone|Don't be afraid to be confused. Try to remain permanently confused. Anything is possible. Stay open, forever, so open it hurts, and then open up some more, until the day you die, world without end, amen.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|I felt once more how simple and frugal a thing is happiness: a glass of wine, a roast chestnut, a wretched little brazier, the sound of the sea. Nothing else.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience and Other Essays|The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation. What is called resignation is confirmed desperation. From the desperate city you go into the desperate country, and have to console yourself with the bravery of minks and muskrats. A stereotyped but unconscious despair is concealed even under what are called the games and amusements of mankind. There is no play in them, for this comes after work. But it is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things..
James Hilton, Lost Horizon|People make mistakes in life through believing too much, but they have a damned dull time if they believe too little.
Lauren Myracle|I live in my own little world. But its ok, they know me here.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|If you care about something you have to protect it – If you’re lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Life isn't fair, it's just fairer than death, that's all.
Simone de Beauvoir|I am awfully greedy; I want everything from life. I want to be a woman and to be a man, to have many friends and to have loneliness, to work much and write good books, to travel and enjoy myself, to be selfish and to be unselfish… You see, it is difficult to get all which I want. And then when I do not succeed I get mad with anger.
Virginia Woolf|When you consider things like the stars, our affairs don't seem to matter very much, do they?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly;Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?'Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land;Man got to tell himself he understand.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|At the time, my life just seemed too complete, and maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Sometimes life knocks you on your ass... get up, get up, get up!!! Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Oliver James|why are trying so hard to fit in, when you're born to stand out
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|No sympathy for the devil; keep that in mind. Buy the ticket, take the ride...and if it occasionally gets a little heavier than what you had in mind, well...maybe chalk it up to forced consciousness expansion: Tune in, freak out, get beaten.
Mary Manin Morrissey|Even though you may want to move forward in your life, you may have one foot on the brakes. In order to be free, we must learn how to let go. Release the hurt. Release the fear. Refuse to entertain your old pain. The energy it takes to hang onto the past is holding you back from a new life. What is it you would let go of today?
Sophie Kinsella, The Undomestic Goddess|There’s no such thing as ruining your life. Life’s a pretty resilient thing, it turns out.
C. JoyBell C.|A star falls from the sky and into your hands. Then it seeps through your veins and swims inside your blood and becomes every part of you. And then you have to put it back into the sky. And it's the most painful thing you'll ever have to do and that you've ever done. But what's yours is yours. Whether it’s up in the sky or here in your hands. And one day, it'll fall from the sky and hit you in the head real hard and that time, you won't have to put it back in the sky again.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|Some people, they can't just move on, you know, mourn and cry and be done with it. Or at least seem to be. But for me... I don't know. I didn't want to fix it, to forget. It wasn't something that was broken. It's just...something that happened. And like that hole, I'm just finding ways, every day, of working around it. Respecting and remembering and getting on at the same time. 
Roy T. Bennett|Don’t waste your time in anger, regrets, worries, and grudges. Life is too short to be unhappy.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Stop comparing yourself to other people, just choose to be happy and live your own life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|No matter how long you train someone to be brave, you never know if they are or not until something real happens.
Thomas Keneally, Schindler's List|Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the hand.
Henry Miller, Stand Still Like the Hummingbird|Let me be, was all I wanted. Be what I am, no matter how I am.
Monica Ali, Brick Lane|The thing about getting older is that you don't need everything to be possible any more, you just need things to be certain.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry...have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere - be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman: 24 Stories|Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it.
Nicholas Sparks|And I learned what is obvious to a child. That life is simply a collection of little lives, each lived one day at a time. That each day should be spent finding beauty in flowers and poetry and talking to animals. That a day spent with dreaming and sunsets and refreshing breezes cannot be bettered. But most of all, I learned that life is about sitting on benches next to ancient creeks with my hand on her knee and sometimes, on good days, for falling in love.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Follow your heart, listen to your inner voice, stop caring about what others think.
Elizabeth Gilbert|When you're lost in those woods, it sometimes takes you a while to realize that you are lost. For the longest time, you can convince yourself that you've just wandered off the path, that you'll find your way back to the trailhead any moment now. Then night falls again and again, and you still have no idea where you are, and it's time to admit that you have bewildered yourself so far off the path that you don't even know from which direction the sun rises anymore.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
Lily Tomlin|The trouble with being in the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
H.P. Lovecraft|Almost nobody dances sober, unless they happen to be insane.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Do not let the memories of your past limit the potential of your future. There are no limits to what you can achieve on your journey through life, except in your mind.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Surround Yourself with People Who Believe in Your Dreams:Surround yourself with people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don’t forget to lift someone up.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward. If you want to fly, you have to give up what weighs you down.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|A pain stabbed my heart, as it did every time I saw a girl I loved who was going the opposite direction in this too-big world.
Leo Tolstoy|In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you.
Connie Willis, Passage|That's what literature is. It's the people who went before us, tapping out messages from the past, from beyond the grave, trying to tell us about life and death! Listen to them!
C. JoyBell C.|There is some kind of a sweet innocence in being human- in not having to be just happy or just sad- in the nature of being able to be both broken and whole, at the same time.
Rudyard Kipling, If: A Father's Advice to His Son|If you can keep your head when all about you Are losing theirs and blaming it on you,If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you,But make allowance for their doubting too;If you can wait and not be tired by waiting,Or being lied about, don't deal in lies,Or being hated, don't give way to hating,And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wiseIf you can dream - and not make dreams your master;If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim;If you can meet with Triumph and DisasterAnd treat those two impostors just the same;If you can bear to hear the truth you've spokenTwisted by knaves to make a trap for fools,Or watch the things you gave your life to, broken,And stoop and build 'em up with worn-out toolsIf you can make one heap of all your winnings And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss,And lose, and start again at your beginningsAnd never breathe a word about your loss;If you can force your heart and nerve and sinewTo serve your turn long after they are gone,And so hold on when there is nothing in youExcept the will which says to them: 'Hold on!'If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue,Or walk with Kings - nor lose the common touch,If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you,If all men count with you, but none too much;If you can fill the unforgiving minuteWith sixty seconds' worth of distance run,Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it,And - which is more - you'll be a Man, my son!
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Steve Jobs|Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other's opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary.
C. JoyBell C.|The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|I believe that words are strong, that they can overwhelm what we fear when fear seems more awful than life is good.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Always find opportunities to make someone smile, and to offer random acts of kindness in everyday life.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|Ester asked why people are sad."That’s simple," says the old man. "They are the prisoners of their personal history. Everyone believes that the main aim in life is to follow a plan. They never ask if that plan is theirs or if it was created by another person. They accumulate experiences, memories, things, other people's ideas, and it is more than they can possibly cope with. And that is why they forget their dreams.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You cannot control the behavior of others, but you can always choose how you respond to it.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.Focus on your character, not your reputation.Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes.
Woody Allen|If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
Ayn Rand|Why do they always teach us that it's easy and evil to do what we want and that we need discipline to restrain ourselves? It's the hardest thing in the world--to do what we want. And it takes the greatest kind of courage. I mean, what we really want.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast, untimely wounded, or otherwise deflected from its life's quest of delivering a tiny charge of genetic material to the right partner at the right moment in order to perpetuate the only possible sequence of hereditary combinations that could result -- eventually, astoundingly, and all too briefly -- in you.
John Burroughs, Studies in Nature and Literature|Do not despise your own place and hour. Every place is under the stars, every place is the center of the world.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Accept what life offers you and try to drink from every cup. All wines should be tasted; some should only be sipped, but with others, drink the whole bottle.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that we are like stars. Something happens to burst us open; but when we burst open and think we are dying; we’re actually turning into a supernova. And then when we look at ourselves again, we see that we’re suddenly more beautiful than we ever were before!
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|What good is the warmth of summer, without the cold of winter to give it sweetness.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|What, if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you: 'This life as you now live it and have lived it, you will have to live once more and innumerable times more' ... Would you not throw yourself down and gnash your teeth and curse the demon who spoke thus? Or have you once experienced a tremendous moment when you would have answered him: 'You are a god and never have I heard anything more divine.
Søren Kierkegaard|Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|One ChoiceOne Choice, decided your friends.One Choice, defines your beliefs.One Choice, determines your loyalties - Forever.ONCE CHOICE CAN TRANSFORM YOU
C. JoyBell C.|Lots of things can be fixed. Things can be fixed. But many times, relationships between people cannot be fixed, because they should not be fixed. You're aboard a ship setting sail, and the other person has joined the inland circus, or is boarding a different ship, and you just can't be with each other anymore. Because you shouldn't be.
Diane Duane, So You Want to Be a Wizard|Believe something and the Universe is on its way to being changed. Because you've changed, by believing. Once you've changed, other things start to follow. Isn't that the way it works?
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Time doesn’t heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Stop giving other people the power to control your happiness, your mind, and your life. If you don't take control of yourself and your own life, someone else is bound to try.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|This must be Thursday,' said Arthur to himself, sinking low over his beer. 'I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|There is nothing more rare, nor more beautiful, than a woman being unapologetically herself; comfortable in her perfect imperfection. To me, that is the true essence of beauty.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. It is up to you to give [life] a meaning.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|That what I need to survive is not Gale's fire, kindled with rage and hatred. I have plenty of fire myself. What I need is the dandelion in the spring. The bright yellow that means rebirth instead of destruction. The promise that life can go on, no matter how bad our losses. That it can be good again. And only Peeta can give me that.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I'd like to repeat the advice that I gave you before, in that I think you really should make a radical change in your lifestyle and begin to boldly do things which you may previously never have thought of doing, or been too hesitant to attempt. So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man's living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, Ron, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty. And so, Ron, in short, get out of Salton City and hit the Road. I guarantee you will be very glad you did. But I fear that you will ignore my advice. You think that I am stubborn, but you are even more stubborn than me. You had a wonderful chance on your drive back to see one of the greatest sights on earth, the Grand Canyon, something every American should see at least once in his life. But for some reason incomprehensible to me you wanted nothing but to bolt for home as quickly as possible, right back to the same situation which you see day after day after day. I fear you will follow this same inclination in the future and thus fail to discover all the wonderful things that God has placed around us to discover. Don't settle down and sit in one place. Move around, be nomadic, make each day a new horizon. You are still going to live a long time, Ron, and it would be a shame if you did not take the opportunity to revolutionize your life and move into an entirely new realm of experience.You are wrong if you think Joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living.My point is that you do not need me or anyone else around to bring this new kind of light in your life. It is simply waiting out there for you to grasp it, and all you have to do is reach for it. The only person you are fighting is yourself and your stubbornness to engage in new circumstances.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|I don’t live in either my past or my future. I’m interested only in the present. If you can concentrate always on the present, you’ll be a happy man. Life will be a party for you, a grand festival, because life is the moment we’re living now.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books, music, love for one's neighbor — such is my idea of happiness.
Nikolai Gogol|I am fated to journey hand in hand with my strange heroes and to survey the surging immensity of life, to survey it through the laughter that all can see and through the tears unseen and unknown by anyone.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.
Henry Miller|Develop an interest in life as you see it; the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.
Mae West|It's not the men in your life that matters, it's the life in your men.
Henry Rollins|Scar tissue is stronger than regular tissue. Realize the strength, move on.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Listen with curiosity. Speak with honesty. Act with integrity. The greatest problem with communication is we don’t listen to understand. We listen to reply. When we listen with curiosity, we don’t listen with the intent to reply. We listen for what’s behind the words.
Cesare Pavese, Il mestiere di vivere: Diario 1935-1950|Every luxury must be paid for, and everything is a luxury, starting with being in this world.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The strongest people find the courage and caring to help others, even if they are going through their own storm.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Perfectionism is the enemy of happiness. Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier. We make mistakes because we are imperfect. Learn from your mistakes, forgive yourself, and keep moving forward.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|To have what you have never had, you have to do what you have never done.
Brian Tracy|Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross|People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
Henry Miller|The aim of life is to live, and to live means to be aware, joyously, drunkenly, serenely, divinely aware.
Horace Walpole|The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.
Heraclitus|No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud...
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I'm sorry for my inability to let unimportant things go, for my inability to hold on to the important things.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped|Some of us get dipped in flat, some in satin, some in gloss...." He turned to me. "But every once in a while, you find someone who's iridescent, and when you do, nothing will ever compare.
Paulo Coelho|Life is too short, or too long, for me to allow myself the luxury of living it so badly.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Roads Go Ever OnRoads go ever ever on,Over rock and under tree,By caves where never sun has shone,By streams that never find the sea;Over snow by winter sown,And through the merry flowers of June,Over grass and over stone,And under mountains in the moon.Roads go ever ever on,Under cloud and under star.Yet feet that wandering have goneTurn at last to home afar.Eyes that fire and sword have seen,And horror in the halls of stoneLook at last on meadows green,And trees and hills they long have known.The Road goes ever on and onDown from the door where it began.Now far ahead the Road has gone,And I must follow, if I can,Pursuing it with eager feet,Until it joins some larger way,Where many paths and errands meet.The Road goes ever on and onDown from the door where it began.Now far ahead the Road has gone,And I must follow, if I can,Pursuing it with weary feet,Until it joins some larger way,Where many paths and errands meet.And whither then? I cannot say.The Road goes ever on and onOut from the door where it began.Now far ahead the Road has gone.Let others follow, if they can!Let them a journey new begin.But I at last with weary feetWill turn towards the lighted inn,My evening-rest and sleep to meet.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|What would come, would come...and you would have to meet it, when it did.
William Steig, Dominic|Oh, Life, I am yours. Whatever it is you want of me, I am ready to give.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Every one of us is losing something precious to us. Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back again. That’s part of what it means to be alive.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|In everybody’s life there’s a point of no return. And in a very few cases, a point where you can’t go forward anymore. And when we reach that point, all we can do is quietly accept the fact. That’s how we survive.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|How much I missed, simply because I was afraid of missing it.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Who says life is fair, where is that written?
John Green, Looking for Alaska|You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|We all make mistakes, have struggles, and even regret things in our past. But you are not your mistakes, you are not your struggles, and you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I wonder why I don't go to bed and go to sleep. But then it would be tomorrow, so I decide that no matter how tired, no matter how incoherent I am, I can skip on hour more of sleep and live.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|One of the few good things about modern times: If you die horribly on television, you will not have died in vain. You will have entertained us.
Johnny Depp|My body is my journal, and my tattoos are my story.
Will Smith|Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|You've a good heart. Sometimes that's enough to see you safe wherever you go. But mostly, it's not.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|Our true friends are those who are with us when the good things happen. They cheer us on and are pleased by our triumphs. False friends only appear at difficult times, with their sad, supportive faces, when, in fact, our suffering is serving to console them for their miserable lives.
Oscar Wilde|Paradoxically though it may seem, it is none the less true that life imitates art far more than art imitates life.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love ...
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The biggest wall you have to climb is the one you build in your mind: Never let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up. Never let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Patience Is Not the Ability to Wait: Patience is not the ability to wait. Patience is to be calm no matter what happens, constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities, and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You Are the Master of Your AttitudeYou cannot control what happens to you, but you can control the way you think about all the events. You always have a choice. You can choose to face them with a positive mental attitude.
C. JoyBell C.|People have to forgive. We don't have to like them, we don't have to be friends with them, we don't have to send them hearts in text messages, but we have to forgive them, to overlook, to forget. Because if we don't we are tying rocks to our feet, too much for our wings to carry!
Ray Bradbury|Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it.
Henry David Thoreau|I learned this, at least, by my experiment; that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours..
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|I walked over to the hill where we used to go and sled. There were a lot of little kids there. I watched them flying. Doing jumps and having races. And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.
Abraham Lincoln|I can see how it might be possible for a man to look down upon the earth and be an atheist, but I cannot conceive how a man could look up into the heavens and say there is no God.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Make a pact with yourself today to not be defined by your past. Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you get for it, but what you become for it. Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share.
Osho, Everyday Osho: 365 Daily Meditations for the Here and Now|Sadness gives depth. Happiness gives height. Sadness gives roots. Happiness gives branches. Happiness is like a tree going into the sky, and sadness is like the roots going down into the womb of the earth. Both are needed, and the higher a tree goes, the deeper it goes, simultaneously. The bigger the tree, the bigger will be its roots. In fact, it is always in proportion. That's its balance.
Heath L. Buckmaster, Box of Hair: A Fairy Tale|Often, it’s not about becoming a new person, but becoming the person you were meant to be, and already are, but don’t know how to be.
Jack London, The Call of the Wild|He was mastered by the sheer surging of life, the tidal wave of being, the perfect joy of each separate muscle, joint, and sinew in that it was everything that was not death, that it was aglow and rampant, expressing itself in movement, flying exultantly under the stars.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|We'd start slow, the way we always did, because the run, and the game, could go on for awhile. Maybe even forever.That was the thing. You just never knew. Forever was so many different things. It was always changing, it was what everything was really all about. It was twenty minutes, or a hundred years, or just this instant, or any instant I wished would last and last. But there was only one truth about forever that really mattered, and that was this: it was happening. Right then, as I ran with Wes into that bright sun, and every moment afterwards. Look, there. Now. Now. Now.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Never stop dreaming, never stop believing, never give up, never stop trying, and never stop learning.
C. JoyBell C.|I can't decide whether I'm a good girl wrapped up in a bad girl, or if I'm a bad girl wrapped up in a good girl. And that's how I know I'm a woman!
Osho|To be creative means to be in love with life. You can be creative only if you love life enough that you want to enhance its beauty, you want to bring a little more music to it, a little more poetry to it, a little more dance to it.
Steven Moffat|When you run with the Doctor, it feels like it'll never end. But however hard you try you can't run forever. Everybody knows that everybody dies and nobody knows it like the Doctor. But I do think that all the skies of all the worlds might just turn dark if he ever for one moment, accepts it. Everybody knows that everybody dies. But not every day. Not today. Some days are special. Some days are so, so blessed. Some days, nobody dies at all. (In the library, the Doctor walks back to the TARDIS. He stops, looking at the doors. Then he raises his hand, and stands there poised like that for a long moment. Finally he snaps his fingers. The doors open. He smiles slowly and walks in, joining Donna. Then he snaps his fingers again, and the doors close. River's voice continues over this.) Now and then, every once in a very long while, every day in a million days, when the wind stands fair, and the Doctor comes to call... everybody lives.
Roy T. Bennett|When you do the right thing, you get the feeling of peace and serenity associated with it. Do it again and again.
Roy T. Bennett|Whenever something bad happens, keep calm, take a few deep breaths and shift the focus to something positive.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I'm the most terrific liar you ever saw in your life. It's awful. If I'm on my way to the store to buy a magazine, even, and somebody asks me where I'm going, I'm liable to say I'm going to the opera. It's terrible.
C. JoyBell C.|I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|But when it came right down to it, the skin of my wrist looked so white and defensless that I couldn't do it. It was as if what I wanted to kill wasn't in that skin or the thin blue pulse that jumped under my thumb, but somewhere else, deeper, more secret, and a whole lot harder to get.
Tupac Shakur|I know it seems hard sometimes but remember one thing. Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that. So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out, keep ya head up.... and handle it.
Steve Jobs|Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Don't ask for guarantees. And don't look to be saved in any one thing, person, machine, or library. Do your own bit of saving, and if you drown, at least die knowing you were heading for shore.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Stroke of Midnight|My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.
Jean Racine|Life is a comedy to those who think, a tragedy to those who feel.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|One swing set, well worn but structurally sound, seeks new home. Make memories with your kid or kids so that someday he or she or they will look into the backyard and feel the ache of sentimentality as desperately as I did this afternoon. It's all fragile and fleeting, dear reader, but with this swing set, your child(ren) will be introduced to the ups and downs of human life gently and safely, and may also learn the most important lesson of all: No matter how hard you kick, no matter how high you get, you can't go all the way around.
Joss Whedon|Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.
Tom Hiddleston|You never know what's around the corner. It could be everything. Or it could be nothing. You keep putting one foot in front of the other, and then one day you look back and you've climbed a mountain.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Perfectionism is the voice of the oppressor, the enemy of the people. It will keep you cramped and insane your whole life, and it is the main obstacle between you and a shitty first draft. I think perfectionism is based on the obsessive belief that if you run carefully enough, hitting each stepping-stone just right, you won't have to die. The truth is that you will die anyway and that a lot of people who aren't even looking at their feet are going to do a whole lot better than you, and have a lot more fun while they're doing it.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|When the going gets weird, the weird turn professional.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Don't JustDon't just learn, experience.Don't just read, absorb.Don't just change, transform.Don't just relate, advocate.Don't just promise, prove.Don't just criticize, encourage.Don't just think, ponder.Don't just take, give.Don't just see, feel.Don’t just dream, do. Don't just hear, listen.Don't just talk, act.Don't just tell, show.Don't just exist, live.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Don’t let others tell you what you can’t do. Don't let the limitations of others limit your vision. If you can remove your self-doubt and believe in yourself, you can achieve what you never thought possible.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|A smile puts you on the right track. A smile makes the world a beautiful place. When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|We’re here, and then we’re gone, and it’s not about the time we’re here, but what we do with the time.
Terence McKenna|We have to create culture, don't watch TV, don't read magazines, don't even listen to NPR. Create your own roadshow. The nexus of space and time where you are now is the most immediate sector of your universe, and if you're worrying about Michael Jackson or Bill Clinton or somebody else, then you are disempowered, you're giving it all away to icons, icons which are maintained by an electronic media so that you want to dress like X or have lips like Y. This is shit-brained, this kind of thinking. That is all cultural diversion, and what is real is you and your friends and your associations, your highs, your orgasms, your hopes, your plans, your fears. And we are told 'no', we're unimportant, we're peripheral. 'Get a degree, get a job, get a this, get a that.' And then you're a player, you don't want to even play in that game. You want to reclaim your mind and get it out of the hands of the cultural engineers who want to turn you into a half-baked moron consuming all this trash that's being manufactured out of the bones of a dying world.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Get Off The Scale!You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. Day after day, countless people across the globe get on a scale in search of validation of beauty and social acceptance.Get off the scale! I have yet to see a scale that can tell you how enchanting your eyes are. I have yet to see a scale that can show you how wonderful your hair looks when the sun shines its glorious rays on it. I have yet to see a scale that can thank you for your compassion, sense of humor, and contagious smile. Get off the scale because I have yet to see one that can admire you for your perseverance when challenged in life.It’s true, the scale can only give you a numerical reflection of your relationship with gravity. That’s it. It cannot measure beauty, talent, purpose, life force, possibility, strength, or love. Don’t give the scale more power than it has earned. Take note of the number, then get off the scale and live your life. You are beautiful!
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
Nora Roberts|Magic exists. Who can doubt it, when there are rainbows and wildflowers, the music of the wind and the silence of the stars? Anyone who has loved has been touched by magic. It is such a simple and such an extraordinary part of the lives we live.
Coco Chanel|My life didn't please me, so I created my life.
C. JoyBell C.|There are people who are generic. They make generic responses and they expect generic answers. They live inside a box and they think people who don't fit into their box are weird. But I'll tell you what, generic people are the weird people. They are like genetically-manipulated plants growing inside a laboratory, like indistinguishable faces, like droids. Like ignorance.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly.
Mary Oliver, Wild Geese|You must not ever stop being whimsical. And you must not, ever, give anyone else the responsibility for your life.
Alfred Tennyson|Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depths of some devine despairRise in the heart, and gather to the eyes, In looking on the happy autumn fields, And thinking of the days that are no more.
Eric Roth, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button Screenplay|Our lives are defined by opportunities, even the ones we miss.
George Bernard Shaw, Getting Married|When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|You do not immortalize the lost by writing about them. Language buries, but does not resurrect.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Everyone you meet is a part of your journey, but not all of them are meant to stay in your life. Some people are just passing through to bring you gifts; either they're blessings or lessons.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.
Philip Pullman, The Golden Compass|You cannot change what you are, only what you do.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Life was meant to be lived, and curiosity must be kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
Tom Robbins|Our lives are not as limited as we think they are; the world is a wonderfully weird place; consensual reality is significantly flawed; no institution can be trusted, but love does work; all things are possible; and we all could be happy and fulfilled if we only had the guts to be truly free and the wisdom to shrink our egos and quit taking ourselves so damn seriously.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Life ... is a taleTold by an idiot, full of sound and fury,Signifying nothing.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!
George Lucas, The Star Wars Trilogy|No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.
Woody Allen, Annie Hall: Screenplay|I feel that life is divided into the horrible and the miserable. That's the two categories. The horrible are like, I don't know, terminal cases, you know, and blind people, crippled. I don't know how they get through life. It's amazing to me. And the miserable is everyone else. So you should be thankful that you're miserable, because that's very lucky, to be miserable.
Brian Tracy|Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, "What's in it for me?
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|It’s never an insult to be called what somebody thinks is a bad name. It just shows you how poor that person is, it doesn’t hurt you.
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|It has always seemed strange to me...The things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.
Joss Whedon|Very occasionally, if you pay really close attention, life doesn't suck.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|I have always, essentially, been waiting. Waiting to become something else, waiting to be that person I always thought I was on the verge of becoming, waiting for that life I thought I would have. In my head, I was always one step away. In high school, I was biding my time until I could become the college version of myself, the one my mind could see so clearly. In college, the post-college “adult” person was always looming in front of me, smarter, stronger, more organized. Then the married person, then the person I’d become when we have kids. For twenty years, literally, I have waited to become the thin version of myself, because that’s when life will really begin.And through all that waiting, here I am. My life is passing, day by day, and I am waiting for it to start. I am waiting for that time, that person, that event when my life will finally begin.I love movies about “The Big Moment” – the game or the performance or the wedding day or the record deal, the stories that split time with that key event, and everything is reframed, before it and after it, because it has changed everything. I have always wanted this movie-worthy event, something that will change everything and grab me out of this waiting game into the whirlwind in front of me. I cry and cry at these movies, because I am still waiting for my own big moment. I had visions of life as an adventure, a thing to be celebrated and experienced, but all I was doing was going to work and coming home, and that wasn’t what it looked like in the movies.John Lennon once said, “Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” For me, life is what was happening while I was busy waiting for my big moment. I was ready for it and believed that the rest of my life would fade into the background, and that my big moment would carry me through life like a lifeboat.The Big Moment, unfortunately, is an urban myth. Some people have them, in a sense, when they win the Heisman or become the next American Idol. But even that football player or that singer is living a life made up of more than that one moment. Life is a collection of a million, billion moments, tiny little moments and choices, like a handful of luminous, glowing pearl. It takes so much time, and so much work, and those beads and moments are so small, and so much less fabulous and dramatic than the movies.But this is what I’m finding, in glimpses and flashes: this is it. This is it, in the best possible way. That thing I’m waiting for, that adventure, that move-score-worthy experience unfolding gracefully. This is it. Normal, daily life ticking by on our streets and sidewalks, in our houses and apartments, in our beds and at our dinner tables, in our dreams and prayers and fights and secrets – this pedestrian life is the most precious thing any of use will ever experience.
C. JoyBell C.|Don't think about making life better for other people who don't even deserve you, rather, focus on making your life the best, for yourself and those who love you.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Prime numbers are what is left when you have taken all the patterns away. I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|The best thing, though, in that museum was that everything always stayed right where it was. Nobody'd move. You could go there a hundred thousand times, and that Eskimo would still be just finished catching those two fish, the birds would still be on their way south, the deers would still be drinking out of that water hole, with their pretty antlers and they're pretty, skinny legs, and that squaw with the naked bosom would still be weaving that same blanket. Nobody's be different. The only thing that would be different would be you. Not that you'd be so much older or anything. It wouldn't be that, exactly. You'd just be different, that's all. You'd have an overcoat this time. Or the kid that was your partner in line the last time had got scarlet fever and you'd have a new partner. Or you'd have a substitute taking the class, instead of Miss Aigletinger. Or you'd heard your mother and father having a terrific fight in the bathroom. Or you'd just passed by one of those puddles in the street with gasoline rainbows in them. I mean you'd be different in some way—I can't explain what I mean. And even if I could, I'm not sure I'd feel like it.
Homer, The Odyssey|Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.
Roy T. Bennett|If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.
Virginia Woolf|Growing up is losing some illusions, in order to acquire others.
Elizabeth Gilbert|You were given life; it is your duty (and also your entitlement as a human being) to find something beautiful within life, no matter how slight.
Red Haircrow|You don't have to disrespect and insult others simply to hold your own ground. If you do, that shows how shaky your own position is.
Hans Christian Andersen, The Complete Fairy Tales|Just living is not enough," said the butterfly, "one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower.
Jim Butcher|Sure, we'd faced some things as children that a lot of kids don't. Sure, Justin had qualified for his Junior de Sade Badge in his teaching methods for dealing with pain. We still hadn't learned, though, that growing up is all about getting hurt. And then getting over it. You hurt. You recover. You move on. Odds are pretty good you're just going to get hurt again. But each time, you learn something.Each time, you come out of it a little stronger, and at some point you realize that there are more flavors of pain than coffee. There's the little empty pain of leaving something behind - gradutaing, taking the next step forward, walking out of something familiar and safe into the unknown. There's the big, whirling pain of life upending all of your plans and expecations. There's the sharp little pains of failure, and the more obscure aches of successes that didn't give you what you thought they would. There are the vicious, stabbing pains of hopes being torn up. The sweet little pains of finding others, giving them your love, and taking joy in their life they grow and learn. There's the steady pain of empathy that you shrug off so you can stand beside a wounded friend and help them bear their burdens. And if you're very, very lucky, there are a very few blazing hot little pains you feel when you realized that you are standing in a moment of utter perfection, an instant of triumph, or happiness, or mirth which at the same time cannot possibly last - and yet will remain with you for life.Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.Pain is a part of life. Sometimes it's a big part, and sometimes it isn't, but either way, it's a part of the big puzzle, the deep music, the great game. Pain does two things: It teaches you, tells you that you're alive. Then it passes away and leaves you changed. It leaves you wiser, sometimes. Sometimes it leaves you stronger. Either way, pain leaves its mark, and everything important that will ever happen to you in life is going to involve it in one degree or another.
Maya Angelou|When Great Trees FallWhen great trees fall,rocks on distant hills shudder,lions hunker downin tall grasses,and even elephantslumber after safety.When great trees fallin forests,small things recoil into silence,their senseseroded beyond fear.When great souls die,the air around us becomeslight, rare, sterile.We breathe, briefly.Our eyes, briefly,see witha hurtful clarity.Our memory, suddenly sharpened,examines,gnaws on kind wordsunsaid,promised walksnever taken.Great souls die andour reality, bound tothem, takes leave of us.Our souls,dependent upon theirnurture,now shrink, wizened.Our minds, formedand informed by theirradiance,fall away.We are not so much maddenedas reduced to the unutterable ignoranceof dark, coldcaves.And when great souls die,after a period peace blooms,slowly and alwaysirregularly. Spaces fillwith a kind ofsoothing electric vibration.Our senses, restored, neverto be the same, whisper to us.They existed. They existed.We can be. Be and bebetter. For they existed.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|Remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something, loves something and has lost something.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|If there were such a thing as terminal literalism, you'd have died in childhood.
Lana Del Rey|I was always an unusual girl.My mother told me I had a chameleon soul, no moral compass pointing due north, no fixed personality; just an inner indecisiveness that was as wide and as wavering as the ocean.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|There are ships sailing to many ports, but not a single one goes where life is not painful.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Choosing a path meant having to miss out on others. She had a whole life to live, and she was always thinking that, in the future, she might regret the choices she made now. “I’m afraid of committing myself,” she thought to herself. She wanted to follow all possible paths and so ended up following none. Even in that most important area of her life, love, she had failed to commit herself. After her first romantic disappointment, she had never again given herself entirely. She feared pan, loss, and separation. These things were inevitable on the path to love, and the only way of avoiding them was by deciding not to take that path at all. In order not to suffer, you had to renounce love. It was like putting out your own eyes not to see the bad things in life.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Live the Life of Your DreamsWhen you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Forget yesterday - it has already forgotten you. Don't sweat tomorrow - you haven't even met. Instead, open your eyes and your heart to a truly precious gift - today.
C. JoyBell C.|The person in life that you will always be with the most, is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too! When you wake up in the morning, you are with yourself, laying in bed at night you are with yourself, walking down the street in the sunlight you are with yourself.What kind of person do you want to walk down the street with? What kind of person do you want to wake up in the morning with? What kind of person do you want to see at the end of the day before you fall asleep? Because that person is yourself, and it's your responsibility to be that person you want to be with. I know I want to spend my life with a person who knows how to let things go, who's not full of hate, who's able to smile and be carefree. So that's who I have to be.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that the best thing we can do for our children is to allow them to do things for themselves, allow them to be strong, allow them to experience life on their own terms, allow them to take the subway... let them be better people, let them believe more in themselves.
Gloria Naylor|But I don't believe that life is supposed to make you feel good, or to make you feel miserable either. Life is just supposed to make you feel.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|Knowledge, like air, is vital to life. Like air, no one should be denied it.
C.S. Lewis|The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
Alan W. Watts|This is the real secret of life -- to be completely engaged with what you are doing in the here and now. And instead of calling it work, realize it is play.
T.S. Eliot, The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock and Others|For I have known them all already, known them all—Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons,I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
Albert Camus, The Plague|I have no idea what's awaiting me, or what will happen when this all ends. For the moment I know this: there are sick people and they need curing.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|We leave something of ourselves behind when we leave a place, we stay there, even though we go away. And there are things in us that we can find again only by going back there.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|I woke up as the sun was reddening; and that was the one distinct time in my life, the strangest moment of all, when I didn't know who I was - I was far away from home, haunted and tired with travel, in a cheap hotel room I'd never seen, hearing the hiss of steam outside, and the creak of the old wood of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all the sad sounds, and I looked at the cracked high ceiling and really didn't know who I was for about fifteen strange seconds. I wasn't scared; I was just somebody else, some stranger, and my whole life was a haunted life, the life of a ghost.
Johnny Depp|Just keep moving forward and don't give a shit about what anybody thinks. Do what you have to do, for you.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|Don't cry, I'm sorry to have deceived you so much, but that's how life is.
Robert T. Kiyosaki|It's not what you say out of your mouth that determines your life, it's what you whisper to yourself that has the most power!
Elvis Presley|When things go wrong, don't go with them.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.
Roy T. Bennett|You are not the victim of the world, but rather the master of your own destiny. It is your choices and decisions that determine your destiny.
Gordon B. Hinckley|In all of living, have much fun and laughter. Life is to be enjoyed, not just endured.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There were five others before they got to him. He smiled a little when his turn came. His voice was low, smoky, and dead sexy. “My name is Augustus Waters,” he said. “I’m seventeen. I had a little touch of osteosarcoma a year and a half ago, but I’m just here today at Isaac’s request.”“And how are you feeling?” asked Patrick.“Oh, I’m grand.” Augustus Waters smiled with a corner of his mouth. “I’m on a roller coaster that only goes up, my friend.
Steve Jobs|Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice.", 2005]
John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog|A person can learn a lot from a dog, even a loopy one like ours. Marley taught me about living each day with unbridled exuberance and joy, about seizing the moment and following your heart. He taught me to appreciate the simple things-a walk in the woods, a fresh snowfall, a nap in a shaft of winter sunlight. And as he grew old and achy, he taught me about optimism in the face of adversity. Mostly, he taught me about friendship and selflessness and, above all else, unwavering loyalty.
Terry Pratchett, The Truth|There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world. There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. 	The world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: What's up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse me? This is my glass? I don't think so. My glass was full! And it was a bigger glass! Who's been pinching my beer?	And at the other end of the bar the world is full of the other type of person, who has a broken glass, or a glass that has been carelessly knocked over (usually by one of the people calling for a larger glass) or who had no glass at all, because he was at the back of the crowd and had failed to catch the barman's eye. 
Gabriel García Márquez, Gabriel García Márquez: a Life|All human beings have three lives: public, private, and secret.
Will Rogers|Too many people spend money they haven't earned, to buy things they don't want, to impress people that they don't like.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|But I have learned that you make your own happiness, that part of going for what you want means losing something else. And when the stakes are high, the losses can be that much greater.
Bill Watterson|When life gives you lemons, chunk it right back.
Gabriel García Márquez|Human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but ... life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.
Patrick Rothfuss|The truth is that the world is full of dragons, and none of us are as powerful or cool as we’d like to be. And that sucks. But when you’re confronted with that fact, you can either crawl into a hole and quit, or you can get out there, take off your shoes, and Bilbo it up.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters.I wish you all very good lives.
Matthew Quick, The Silver Linings Playbook|Life is not a PG feel-good movie. Real life often ends badly. Literature tries to document this reality, while showing us it is still possible for us to endure nobly.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, "aw shit, he's up!
Sarah Dessen, Someone Like You|You can't just plan a moment when things get back on track, just as you can't plan the moment you lose your way in the first place.
Roy T. Bennett|It's worth making time to find the things that really stir your soul. That’s what makes you really feel alive. You have to say ‘no’ to other things you’re used to, and do it with all your heart.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|Is this thing safe?""Safe as life," Gansey replied.
Jack London|I would rather be ashes than dust!I would rather that my spark should burn out in a brilliant blaze than it should be stifled by dry-rot.I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet.The function of man is to live, not to exist.I shall not waste my days trying to prolong them.I shall use my time.
Charles Bukowski|Style is the answer to everything.A fresh way to approach a dull or dangerous thingTo do a dull thing with style is preferable to doing a dangerous thing without itTo do a dangerous thing with style is what I call artBullfighting can be an artBoxing can be an artLoving can be an artOpening a can of sardines can be an artNot many have styleNot many can keep styleI have seen dogs with more style than men,although not many dogs have style.Cats have it with abundance.When Hemingway put his brains to the wall with a shotgun,that was style.Or sometimes people give you styleJoan of Arc had styleJohn the BaptistJesusSocratesCaesarGarcía Lorca.I have met men in jail with style.I have met more men in jail with style than men out of jail.Style is the difference, a way of doing, a way of being done.Six herons standing quietly in a pool of water,or you, naked, walking out of the bathroom without seeing me.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|I want a life that sizzles and pops and makes me laugh out loud. And I don't want to get to the end, or to tomorrow, even, and realize that my life is a collection of meetings and pop cans and errands and receipts and dirty dishes. I want to eat cold tangerines and sing out loud in the car with the windows open and wear pink shoes and stay up all night laughing and paint my walls the exact color of the sky right now. I want to sleep hard on clean white sheets and throw parties and eat ripe tomatoes and read books so good they make me jump up and down, and I want my everyday to make God belly laugh, glad that he gave life to someone who loves the gift.
Tupac Shakur|There's gon' be some stuff you gon' seethat's gon' make it hard to smile in the future.But through whatever you see,through all the rain and the pain,you gotta keep your sense of humor.You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit.Remember that.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|If there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still wasn't as cynical as real life.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I don't get it,' Caroline said, bemused. 'She's the only one with wings. Why is that?'There were so many questions in life. You couldn't ever have all the answers. But I knew this one.It's so she can fly,' I said. Then I started to run.
Oprah Winfrey|The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|It's everybody, I mean. Everything everybody does is so — I don't know — not wrong, or even mean, or even stupid necessarily. But just so tiny and meaningless and — sad-making. And the worst part is, if you go bohemian or something crazy like that, you're conforming just as much only in a different way.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Count your blessings, not your problems. Count your own blessings, not someone else's. Remember that jealousy is when you count someone else's blessings instead of your own.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Each affects the other, and the other affects the next, and the world is full of stories, but the stories are all one.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Life, with its rules, its obligations, and its freedoms, is like a sonnet: You're given the form, but you have to write the sonnet yourself. - Mrs. Whatsit
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Yeah, sometimes life really sucks," she says. "But you know what I'm holding on for?"I raise my eyebrows.She raises hers, too, mimicking me."The moments that don't suck," she says. "The trick is to notice them when they come around.
Marc Riboud|Taking pictures is savoring life intensely, every hundredth of a second.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Never let hard lessons harden your heart; the hard lessons of life are meant to make you better, not bitter.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Integrity is doing the right thing when nobody's watching, and doing as you say you would do.
Roy T. Bennett|Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You don’t have to like someone, but you have to treat them as you wish to be treated.
Roy T. Bennett|Until you step into the unknown, you don’t know what you’re made of.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Home wasn't a set house, or a single town on a map. It was wherever the people who loved you were, whenever you were together. Not a place, but a moment, and then another, building on each other like bricks to create a solid shelter that you take with you for your entire life, wherever you may go.
Michel Legrand|The more I live, the more I learn. The more I learn, the more I realize, the less I know.
Walt Whitman, Walt Whitman's Camden Conversations|I like the scientific spirit—the holding off, the being sure but not too sure, the willingness to surrender ideas when the evidence is against them: this is ultimately fine—it always keeps the way beyond open—always gives life, thought, affection, the whole man, a chance to try over again after a mistake—after a wrong guess.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics: You are all stardust. You couldn’t be here if stars hadn’t exploded, because the elements - the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, all the things that matter for evolution and for life - weren’t created at the beginning of time. They were created in the nuclear furnaces of stars, and the only way for them to get into your body is if those stars were kind enough to explode. So, forget Jesus. The stars died so that you could be here today.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|But if everything was always smooth and perfect, you'd get too used to that, you know? You have to have a little bit of disorganization now and then. Otherwise, you'll never really enjoy it when things go right.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Here's what I think, Mr. Wind-Up Bird," said May Kasahara. "Everybody's born with some different thing at the core of their existence. And that thing, whatever it is, becomes like a heat source that runs each person from the inside. I have one too, of course. Like everybody else. But sometimes it gets out of hand. It swells or shrinks inside me, and it shakes me up. What I'd really like to do is find a way to communicate that feeling to another person. But I can't seem to do it. They just don't get it. Of course, the problem could be that I'm not explaining it very well, but I think it's because they're not listening very well. They pretend to be listening, but they're not, really. So I get worked up sometimes, and I do some crazy things.
Leonard Cohen|Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
Shannon L. Alder|Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change.
Christine Feehan, Night Game|Life gives us choices. You either grab on with both hands and just go for it, or you sit on the sidelines.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift|I've apparently been the victim of growing up, which apparently happens to all of us at one point or another. It's been going on for quite some time now, without me knowing it. I've found that growing up can mean a lot of things. For me, it doesn't mean I should become somebody completely new and stop loving the things I used to love. It means I've just added more things to my list. Like for example, I'm still beyond obsessed with the winter season and I still start putting up strings of lights in September. I still love sparkles and grocery shopping and really old cats that are only nice to you half the time. I still love writing in my journal and wearing dresses all the time and staring at chandeliers. But some new things I've fallen in love with -- mismatched everything. Mismatched chairs, mismatched colors, mismatched personalities. I love spraying perfumes I used to wear when I was in high school. It brings me back to the days of trying to get a close parking spot at school, trying to get noticed by soccer players, and trying to figure out how to avoid doing or saying anything uncool, and wishing every minute of every day that one day maybe I'd get a chance to win a Grammy. Or something crazy and out of reach like that. ;) I love old buildings with the paint chipping off the walls and my dad's stories about college. I love the freedom of living alone, but I also love things that make me feel seven again. Back then naivety was the norm and skepticism was a foreign language, and I just think every once in a while you need fries and a chocolate milkshake and your mom. I love picking up a cookbook and closing my eyes and opening it to a random page, then attempting to make that recipe. I've loved my fans from the very first day, but they've said things and done things recently that make me feel like they're my friends -- more now than ever before. I'll never go a day without thinking about our memories together.
Virginia Woolf|To look life in the face, always, to look life in the face, and to know it for what it is...at last, to love it for what it is, and then, to put it away...
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.
Roy T. Bennett|If you don't know who you truly are, you'll never know what you really want.
Alysha Speer|Life is painful and messed up. It gets complicated at the worst of times, and sometimes you have no idea where to go or what to do. Lots of times people just let themselves get lost, dropping into a wide open, huge abyss. But that's why we have to keep trying. We have to push through all that hurts us, work past all our memories that are haunting us. Sometimes the things that hurt us are the things that make us strongest. A life without experience, in my opinion, is no life at all. And that's why I tell everyone that, even when it hurts, never stop yourself from living.
Terry Pratchett|This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|There are many things worth living for, a few things worth dying for, and nothing worth killing for.
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|When a man cannot choose, he ceases to be a man.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.
Bill Gates|Before you were born, your parents weren't as boring as they are now. They got that way from paying your bills, cleaning your clothes and listening to you talk about how cool you thought you were. So before you save the rain forest from the parasites of your parent's generation, try delousing the closet in your own room.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When you hold a grudge, you want someone else’s sorrow to reflect your level of hurt but the two rarely meet.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|All opinions are not equal. Some are a very great deal more robust, sophisticated and well supported in logic and argument than others.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Why Not You?Today, many will awaken with a fresh sense of inspiration. Why not you?Today, many will open their eyes to the beauty that surrounds them. Why not you?Today, many will choose to leave the ghost of yesterday behind and seize the immeasurable power of today. Why not you?Today, many will break through the barriers of the past by looking at the blessings of the present. Why not you?Today, for many the burden of self doubt and insecurity will be lifted by the security and confidence of empowerment. Why not you?Today, many will rise above their believed limitations and make contact with their powerful innate strength. Why not you?Today, many will choose to live in such a manner that they will be a positive role model for their children. Why not you?Today, many will choose to free themselves from the personal imprisonment of their bad habits. Why not you?Today, many will choose to live free of conditions and rules governing their own happiness. Why not you?Today, many will find abundance in simplicity. Why not you?Today, many will be confronted by difficult moral choices and they will choose to do what is right instead of what is beneficial. Why not you?Today, many will decide to no longer sit back with a victim mentality, but to take charge of their lives and make positive changes. Why not you?Today, many will take the action necessary to make a difference. Why not you?Today, many will make the commitment to be a better mother, father, son, daughter, student, teacher, worker, boss, brother, sister, & so much more. Why not you?Today is a new day!Many will seize this day.Many will live it to the fullest.Why not you?
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|The only position that leaves me with no cognitive dissonance is atheism. It is not a creed. Death is certain, replacing both the siren-song of Paradise and the dread of Hell. Life on this earth, with all its mystery and beauty and pain, is then to be lived far more intensely: we stumble and get up, we are sad, confident, insecure, feel loneliness and joy and love. There is nothing more; but I want nothing more.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|MagicSandra’s seen a leprechaun,Eddie touched a troll,Laurie danced with witches once,Charlie found some goblins gold.Donald heard a mermaid sing,Susy spied an elf,But all the magic I have knownI've had to make myself.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|How often do we tell our own life story? How often do we adjust, embellish, make sly cuts? And the longer life goes on, the fewer are those around to challenge our account, to remind us that our life is not our life, merely the story we have told about our life. Told to others, but—mainly—to ourselves.
Gerard Way|There was a moment in my life when I really wanted to kill myself. And there was one other moment when I was close to that. . . . But even in my most jaded times, I had some hope.
Steve Maraboli|One of the most spiritual things you can do is embrace your humanity. Connect with those around you today. Say, "I love you", "I'm sorry", "I appreciate you", "I'm proud of you"...whatever you're feeling. Send random texts, write a cute note, embrace your truth and share it...cause a smile today for someone else...and give plenty of hugs.
Leo Buscaglia|Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, alistening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, allof which have the potential to turn a life around.
Thomas Merton|If you want to identify me, ask me not where I live, or what I like to eat, or how I comb my hair, but ask me what I am living for, in detail, ask me what I think is keeping me from living fully for the thing I want to live for.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|I seem to have run in a great circle, and met myself again on the starting line.
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|Some things you hear with your ears. Others, you hear with your heart.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem to care what we want.
Brian Tracy|You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Challenge and adversity are meant to help you know who you are. Storms hit your weakness, but unlock your true strength.
Mary Oliver|When it's over, I want to say: all my lifeI was a bride married to amazement.I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms. When it is over, I don't want to wonderif I have made of my life something particular, and real.I don't want to find myself sighing and frightened,or full of argument. I don't want to end up simply having visited this world.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Aurora Leigh|Earth's crammed with heaven...But only he who sees, takes off his shoes.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself, tell yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches; for to the creator there is no poverty and no poor indifferent place.
George Gordon Byron|The great object of life is sensation- to feel that we exist, even though in pain.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.
Bertolt Brecht|The human race tends to remember the abuses to which it has been subjected rather than the endearments. What's left of kisses? Wounds, however, leave scars.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|People tend to be generous when sharing their nonsense, fear, and ignorance. And while they seem quite eager to feed you their negativity, please remember that sometimes the diet we need to be on is a spiritual and emotional one. Be cautious with what you feed your mind and soul. Fuel yourself with positivity and let that fuel propel you into positive action.
C. JoyBell C.|Growing up means learning what life is. When you're little, you have a set of ideals, standards, criteria, plans, outlooks, and you think that you have to sit around and wait for them to happen to you and then life will work. But life isn't like that, for anybody; you can't fall in love with a standard, you have to fall in love with a person. You can't live in a criteria, you have to live your life. You can't wait for your plans to materialize, because they may never materialize the way you think they will. You can't wait to watch your ideals and standards walk up to you, because you can't know what's yours until you have it. I always say, always take the first chance in case you never get a second one, but growing up takes that even one step further, growing up means that you have to hold on to what you have, when you have it, because what you have- that's yours- and all the ideals and criteria you have set in your head, those aren't yours, because those haven't happened to you.
Anthony Robbins|Live life fully while you're here. Experience everything. Take care of yourself and your friends. Have fun, be crazy, be weird. Go out and screw up! You're going to anyway, so you might as well enjoy the process. Take the opportunity to learn from your mistakes: find the cause of your problem and eliminate it. Don't try to be perfect; just be an excellent example of being human.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Perhaps - I want the old days back again and they'll never come back, and I am haunted by the memory of them and of the world falling about my ears. 
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Enjoy every step you take. If you're curious, there is always something new to be discovered in the backdrop of your daily life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.
Roy T. Bennett|When things do not go your way, remember that every challenge — every adversity — contains within it the seeds of opportunity and growth.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Changing your outside world cannot make you happy if you are an unhappy person. The real personal change can only happen from the inside out. If you firstly create the change within yourself, you can turn your life around.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Closed in a room, my imagination becomes the universe, and the rest of the world is missing out.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|Hollowness: that I understand. I'm starting to believe that there isn't anything you can do to fix it. That's what I've taken from the therapy sessions: the holes in your life are permanent. You have to grow around them, like tree roots around concrete; you mold yourself through the gaps
William  Martin, The Parent's Tao Te Ching: Ancient Advice for Modern Parents|Do not ask your childrento strive for extraordinary lives.Such striving may seem admirable,but it is the way of foolishness.Help them instead to find the wonderand the marvel of an ordinary life.Show them the joy of tastingtomatoes, apples and pears.Show them how to crywhen pets and people die.Show them the infinite pleasurein the touch of a hand.And make the ordinary come alive for them.The extraordinary will take care of itself.
Bruce Lee|Be happy, but never satisfied.
Bill Watterson|CALVIN:This whole Santa Claus thing just doesn't make sense. Why all the secrecy? Why all the mystery?If the guy exists why doesn't he ever show himself and prove it?And if he doesn't exist what's the meaning of all this?HOBBES:I dunno. Isn't this a religious holiday? CALVIN:Yeah, but actually, I've got the same questions about God.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You were born with potential. You were born with goodness and trust. You were born with ideals and dreams. You were born with greatness. You were born with wings. You are not meant for crawling, so don't. You have wings. Learn to use them and fly.
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|You know what I think?" she says. "That people's memories are maybe the fuel they burn to stay alive. Whether those memories have any actual importance or not, it doesn't matter as far as the maintenance of life is concerned. They're all just fuel. Advertising fillers in the newspaper, philosophy books, dirty pictures in a magazine, a bundle of ten-thousand-yen bills: when you feed 'em to the fire, they're all just paper. The fire isn't thinking 'Oh, this is Kant,' or 'Oh, this is the Yomiuri evening edition,' or 'Nice tits,' while it burns. To the fire, they're nothing but scraps of paper. It's the exact same thing. Important memories, not-so-important memories, totally useless memories: there's no distinction--they're all just fuel.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Let today be the day you stop being haunted by the ghost of yesterday. Holding a grudge & harboring anger/resentment is poison to the soul. Get even with people...but not those who have hurt us, forget them, instead get even with those who have helped us.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|I am always sad, I think. Perhaps this signifies that I am not sad at all, because sadness is something lower than your normal disposition, and I am always the same thing. Perhaps I am the only person in the world, then, who never becomes sad. Perhaps I am lucky.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|O Me! O life!... of the questions of these recurring; Of the endless trains of the faithless—of cities fill’d with the foolish; Of myself forever reproaching myself, (for who more foolish than I, and who more faithless?) Of eyes that vainly crave the light—of the objects mean—of the struggle ever renew’d; Of the poor results of all—of the plodding and sordid crowds I see around me; Of the empty and useless years of the rest—with the rest me intertwined; The question, O me! so sad, recurring—What good amid these, O me, O life? Answer.That you are here—that life exists, and identity; That the powerful play goes on, and you will contribute a verse.
Walt Disney Company|All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Souls cross ages like clouds cross skies, an' tho' a cloud's shape nor hue nor size don't stay the same, it's still a cloud an' so is a soul. Who can say where the cloud's blowed from or who the soul'll be 'morrow? Only Sonmi the east an' the west an' the compass an' the atlas, yay, only the atlas o' clouds.
Steve Jobs|If you live each day as it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|...nothing ever happens quickly (except when it does). Nothing is ever, ever easy (except when it is). And, most of all, nothing ever goes perfectly according to plan (except in the movies).
C. JoyBell C.|For everything in this journey of life we are on, there is a right wing and a left wing: for the wing of love there is anger; for the wing of destiny there is fear; for the wing of pain there is healing; for the wing of hurt there is forgiveness; for the wing of pride there is humility; for the wing of giving there is taking; for the wing of tears there is joy; for the wing of rejection there is acceptance; for the wing of judgment there is grace; for the wing of honor there is shame; for the wing of letting go there is the wing of keeping. We can only fly with two wings and two wings can only stay in the air if there is a balance. Two beautiful wings is perfection. There is a generation of people who idealize perfection as the existence of only one of these wings every time. But I see that a bird with one wing is imperfect. An angel with one wing is imperfect. A butterfly with one wing is dead. So this generation of people strive to always cut off the other wing in the hopes of embodying their ideal of perfection, and in doing so, have created a crippled race.
John Lennon|When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Save|The worst memories stick with us, while the nice ones always seem to slip through our fingers.
Wilferd Peterson|Walk with the dreamers, the believers, the courageous, the cheerful, the planners, the doers, the successful people with their heads in the clouds and their feet on the ground. Let their spirit ignite a fire within you to leave this world better than when you found it...
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|Personally, I don’t like inherently happy people. I don’t trust them. I think there’s something seriously wrong with anyone who isn’t at least a little let down by the world.
Winston S. Churchill|To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.
Philip James Bailey, Festus: A Poem|We should count time by heart-throbs. He most lives,Who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|I am convinced that most people do not grow up...We marry and dare to have children and call that growing up. I think what we do is mostly grow old. We carry accumulation of years in our bodies, and on our faces, but generally our real selves, the children inside, are innocent and shy as magnolias.
Ernest Hemingway|Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Have patience with everything that remains unsolved in your heart. Try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books written in a foreign language. Do not now look for the answers. They cannot now be given to you because you could not live them. It is a question of experiencing everything. At present you need to live the question. Perhaps you will gradually, without even noticing it, find yourself experiencing the answer, some distant day.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|It's not hard to decide what you want your life to be about. What's hard, she said, is figuring out what you're willing to give up in order to do the things you really care about.
J.D. Stroube, Caged by Damnation|Life is filled with unanswered questions, but it is the courage to seek those answers that continues to give meaning to life. You can spend your life wallowing in despair, wondering why you were the one who was led towards the road strewn with pain, or you can be grateful that you are strong enough to survive it.
Roopleen|If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Dare I say I miss him? I do. I miss him. I still see him in my dreams. They are nightmares mostly, but nightmares tinged with love.I still cannot understand how he could abandon me so unceremoniously, without any sort of goodbye, without looking back even once. That pain is like an axe that chops at my heart.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|I hate to say it, but shit really does happen. You just have to get over it. Beat the hell out of it by doing things that make you happy.
Jennifer Salaiz|I was in the biggest breakdown of my life when I stopped crying long enough to let the words of my epiphany really sink in. That whore, karma, had finally made her way around, and had just bitch-slapped me right across the face. The realization only made me cry harder.
Roy T. Bennett|You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Always believe in yourself and always stretch yourself beyond your limits. Your life is worth a lot more than you think because you are capable of accomplishing more than you know. You have more potential than you think, but you will never know your full potential unless you keep challenging yourself and pushing beyond your own self imposed limits.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|It is a very funny thing that the sleepier you are, the longer you take about getting to bed.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. You've got to stick to it all your life. Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. You can't force them.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Sometimes life is too hard to be alone, and sometimes life is too good to be alone.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|You are someone who is different, but who wants to be the same as everyone else. And that in my view is a serious illness. God chose you to be different. Why are you disappointing God with this kind of attitude?
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|Hard is trying to rebuild yourself, piece by piece, with no instruction book, and no clue as to where all the important bits are supposed to go.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|I believe that life is a game, that life is a cruel joke, and that life is what happens when you're alive and that you might as well lie back and enjoy it.
Heinrich Heine|We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged
C.G. Jung|As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|EARLY BIRDOh, if you’re a bird, be an early birdAnd catch the worm for your breakfast plate.If you’re a bird, be an early early bird--But if you’re a worm, sleep late.
Bruce Lee|You must be shapeless, formless, like water. When you pour water in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour water in a bottle, it becomes the bottle. When you pour water in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Water can drip and it can crash. Become like water my friend.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Books say: She did this because. Life says: She did this. Books are where things are explained to you; life is where things aren't. I'm not surprised some people prefer books. Books make sense of life. The only problem is that the lives they make sense of are other people's lives, never your own.
Bob Dylan|Life is more or less a lie, but then again, that's exactly the way we want it to be.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Being|If other people do not understand our behavior—so what? Their request that we must only do what they understand is an attempt to dictate to us. If this is being "asocial" or "irrational" in their eyes, so be it. Mostly they resent our freedom and our courage to be ourselves. We owe nobody an explanation or an accounting, as long as our acts do not hurt or infringe on them. How many lives have been ruined by this need to "explain," which usually implies that the explanation be "understood," i.e. approved. Let your deeds be judged, and from your deeds, your real intentions, but know that a free person owes an explanation only to himself—to his reason and his conscience—and to the few who may have a justified claim for explanation.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Surround Yourself with Positive People Who Believe in Your DreamsDistance yourself from negative people who try to lower your motivation and decrease your ambition. Create space for positive people to come into your life.Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, encourage your ideas, support your ambitions, and bring out the best in you.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You were born to stand out, stop trying to fit in.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|When you take control of your attitude, you take control of your life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Change may not always bring growth, but there is no growth without change.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Enthusiasm can help you find the new doors, but it takes passion to open them. If you have a strong purpose in life, you don't have to be pushed. Your passion will drive you there.
Roy T. Bennett|The comfort zone is a psychological state in which one feels familiar, safe, at ease, and secure. You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Moral wounds have this peculiarity - they may be hidden, but they never close; always painful, always ready to bleed when touched, they remain fresh and open in the heart.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Life, although it may only be an accumulation of anguish, is dear to me, and I will defend it.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.
Charles Bukowski, Betting on the Muse: Poems and Stories|The Laughing Heartyour life is your lifedon’t let it be clubbed into dank submission.be on the watch.there are ways out.there is a light somewhere.it may not be much light butit beats the darkness.be on the watch.the gods will offer you chances.know them.take them.you can’t beat death butyou can beat death in life, sometimes.and the more often you learn to do it,the more light there will be.your life is your life.know it while you have it.you are marvelousthe gods wait to delightin you.
George Gordon Byron|Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|Our battered suitcases were piled on the sidewalk again; we had longer ways to go. But no matter, the road is life
Ludwig Wittgenstein|I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
Graham Greene, Ways of Escape|Writing is a form of therapy; sometimes I wonder how all those who do not write, compose, or paint can manage to escape the madness, melancholia, the panic and fear which is inherent in a human situation.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|The world changes, we do not, therein lies the irony that kills us.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|E.L. Doctorow said once said that 'Writing a novel is like driving a car at night. You can see only as far as your headlights, but you can make the whole trip that way.' You don't have to see where you're going, you don't have to see your destination or everything you will pass along the way. You just have to see two or three feet ahead of you. This is right up there with the best advice on writing, or life, I have ever heard.
James Patterson, Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas|Imagine life is a game in which you are juggling five balls. The balls are called work, family, health, friends, and integrity. And you're keeping all of them in the air. But one day you finally come to understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. The other four balls...are made of glass. If you drop one of these, it will be irrevocably scuffed, nicked, perhaps even shattered.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|The cost of oblivious daydreaming was always this moment of return, the realignment with what had been before and now seemed a little worse. 
Joseph Campbell|If the path before you is clear, you're probably on someone else's.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|There was quite a lot of competitiveness about it, with everybody wanting to beat not only cancer itself, but also the other people in the room. Like, I realize that this is irrational, but when they tell you that you have, say, a 20 percent chance of living five years, the math kicks in and you figure that’s one in five . . . so you look around and think, as any healthy person would: I gotta outlast four of these bastards.
Nicholas Sparks, Three Weeks With My Brother|Never forget that anticipation is an important part of life. Work's important, family's important, but without excitement, you have nothing. You're cheating yourself if you refuse to enjoy what's coming.
Jorge Luis Borges|You have wakened not out of sleep, but into a prior dream, and that dream lies within another, and so on, to infinity, which is the number of grains of sand. The path that you are to take is endless, and you will die before you have truly awakened.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|If I were to wish for anything, I should not wish for wealth and power, but for the passionate sense of the potential, for the eye which, ever young and ardent, sees the possible. Pleasure disappoints, possibility never. And what wine is so sparkling, what so fragrant, what so intoxicating, as possibility!
Roy T. Bennett|To learn something new, you need to try new things and not be afraid to be wrong.
T.S. Eliot|There will be time, there will be timeTo prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|If you can’t save your own life, is it even worth saving?
Bill Ayers|You need to find a way to live your life, that it doesn't make a mockery of your values.
Bohdi Sanders, Warrior Wisdom: Ageless Wisdom for the Modern Warrior|Never respond to an angry person with a fiery comeback, even if he deserves it...Don't allow his anger to become your anger.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|People who lack the clarity, courage, or determination to follow their own dreams will often find ways to discourage yours. When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop. Live your truth and don't EVER stop.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|If you don't live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won't get either a life or a death that means anything.
D. Simone|May Light always surround you;Hope kindle and rebound you.May your Hurts turn to Healing;Your Heart embrace Feeling.May Wounds become Wisdom;Every Kindness a Prism.May Laughter infect you;Your Passion resurrect you.May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires.Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|What I'm not sure about, is if our lives have been so different from the lives of the people we save. We all complete. Maybe none of us really understand what we've lived through, or feel we've had enough time.
Charles Bukowski|People are strange: They are constantly angered by trivial things, but on a major matter like totally wasting their lives, they hardly seem to notice.
Roger A. Caras|Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.
Roy T. Bennett|To care about your outward appearance is important, but what’s more important is to have a beautiful soul.
Masashi Kishimoto|When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|One does no question miracles, or complain that they are no constructed perfectly to one's liking.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Great Leaders Create More LeadersGood leaders have vision and inspire others to help them turn vision into reality. Great leaders create more leaders, not followers. Great leaders have vision, share vision, and inspire others to create their own.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Dalai Lama: A Policy of Kindness: An Anthology of Writings By and About the Dalai Lama|This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die.
Hans Christian Andersen, The Fairy Tale of My Life: An Autobiography|To move, to breathe, to fly, to float,To gain all while you give,To roam the roads of lands remote,To travel is to live.
C. JoyBell C.|When I was little and running on the race track at school, I always stopped and waited for all the other kids so we could run together even though I knew (and everybody else knew) that I could run much faster than all of them! I pretended to read slowly so I could "wait" for everyone else who couldn't read as fast as I could! When my friends were short I pretended that I was short too and if my friend was sad I pretended to be unhappy. I could go on and on about all the ways I have limited myself, my whole life, by "waiting" for people. And the only thing that I've ever received in return is people thinking that they are faster than me, people thinking that they can make me feel bad about myself just because I let them and people thinking that I have to do whatever they say I should do. My mother used to teach me "Cinderella is a perfect example to be" but I have learned that Cinderella can go fuck herself, I'm not waiting for anybody, anymore! I'm going to run as fast as I can, fly as high as I can, I am going to soar and if you want you can come with me! But I'm not waiting for you anymore.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|My past has not defined me, destroyed me, deterred me, or defeated me; it has only strengthened me.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|Just remember that the things you put into your head are there forever, he said. You might want to think about that.You forget some things, dont you?Yes. You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity. At some time, every creature which lives must do so. It is the ultimate shadow, the defeat of creation; this is the curse at work, the curse that feeds on all life. Everywhere in the universe.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|It's not my story anymore: whenever I speak about the past now, I feel as if I were talking about something that has nothing to do with me. All that remains in the present are the voice, the presence, and the importance of fulfilling my mission. I don't regret difficulties I experienced; I think they helped me to become the person I am today, I feel the way a warrior must feel after years of training; he doesn't remember the details of everything he learned, but he knows how to strike when the time is right.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|When you compare the sorrows of real life to the pleasures of the imaginary one, you will never want to live again, only to dream forever.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|I do not believe anyone can be perfectly well, who has a brain and a heart
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|I know it's not easy for you, living this life, but try to remember, always try to remember, you're not the only one with troubles.
C. JoyBell C.|We are all equal in the fact that we are all different. We are all the same in the fact that we will never be the same. We are united by the reality that all colours and all cultures are distinct & individual. We are harmonious in the reality that we are all held to this earth by the same gravity. We don't share blood, but we share the air that keeps us alive. I will not blind myself and say that my black brother is not different from me. I will not blind myself and say that my brown sister is not different from me. But my black brother is he as much as I am me. But my brown sister is she as much as I am me.
Robin S. Sharma, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari|Your "I CAN" is more important than your IQ.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|We lead our lives like water flowing down a hill, going more or less in one direction until we splash into something that forces us to find a new course.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|When you come out of the storm, you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what this storm’s all about.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I suffer from life and from other people. I can’t look at reality face to face. Even the sun discourages and depresses me. Only at night and all alone, withdrawn, forgotten and lost, with no connection to anything real or useful — only then do I find myself and feel comforted.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found. Trust ghosts. Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn. Trust dreams. Trust your heart, and trust your story. (from 'Instructions')
Jason Mraz|I’ve come to the conclusion that people who wear headphones while they walk, are much happier, more confident, and more beautiful individuals than someone making the solitary drudge to work without acknowledging their own interests and power.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
Rick Warren|You were made by God and for God and until you understand that, life will never make sense.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Perfectly ImperfectWe have all heard that no two snowflakes are alike. Each snowflake takes the perfect form for the maximum efficiency and effectiveness for its journey. And while the universal force of gravity gives them a shared destination, the expansive space in the air gives each snowflake the opportunity to take their own path. They are on the same journey, but each takes a different path.Along this gravity-driven journey, some snowflakes collide and damage each other, some collide and join together, some are influenced by wind... there are so many transitions and changes that take place along the journey of the snowflake. But, no matter what the transition, the snowflake always finds itself perfectly shaped for its journey. I find parallels in nature to be a beautiful reflection of grand orchestration. One of these parallels is of snowflakes and us. We, too, are all headed in the same direction. We are being driven by a universal force to the same destination. We are all individuals taking different journeys and along our journey, we sometimes bump into each other, we cross paths, we become altered... we take different physical forms. But at all times we too are 100% perfectly imperfect. At every given moment we are absolutely perfect for what is required for our journey. I’m not perfect for your journey and you’re not perfect for my journey, but I’m perfect for my journey and you’re perfect for your journey. We’re heading to the same place, we’re taking different routes, but we’re both exactly perfect the way we are. Think of what understanding this great orchestration could mean for relationships. Imagine interacting with others knowing that they too each share this parallel with the snowflake. Like you, they are headed to the same place and no matter what they may appear like to you, they have taken the perfect form for their journey. How strong our relationships would be if we could see and respect that we are all perfectly imperfect for our journey.
Candace Bushnell, Sex and the City|The universe may not always play fair, but at least it's got a hell of a sense of humor.
Katharine Hepburn, Me: Stories of My Life|Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|If others tell us something we make assumptions, and if they don't tell us something we make assumptions to fulfill our need to know and to replace the need to communicate. Even if we hear something and we don't understand we make assumptions about what it means and then believe the assumptions. We make all sorts of assumptions because we don't have the courage to ask questions.
Robert E. Howard|Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.
Bill Watterson|Hobbes: Do you think there's a God?Calvin: Well, somebody's out to get me!
Zora Neale Hurston|I have known the joy and pain of friendship. I have served and been served. I have made some good enemies for which I am not a bit sorry. I have loved unselfishly, and I have fondled hatred with the red-hot tongs of Hell. That's living.
Henry Rollins|I am ready for whatever's coming. I expect nothing but to be let down or turned away. I am alone. Goddamn. The shit hurts sometimes, but I realize what I am, what I have become.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|The Buddhists say there are 149 ways to God. I'm not looking for God, only for myself, and that is far more complicated. God has had a great deal written about Him; nothing has been written about me. God is bigger, like my mother, easier to find, even in the dark. I could be anywhere, and since I can't describe myself I can't ask for help.
John Webster|Whether we fall by ambition, blood, or lustLike diamonds we are cut with our own dust
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Pierre was right when he said that one must believe in the possibility of happiness in order to be happy, and I now believe in it. Let the dead bury the dead, but while I'm alive, I must live and be happy.
David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives|There are three deaths. The first is when the body ceases to function. The second is when the body is consigned to the grave. The third is that moment, sometime in the future, when your name is spoken for the last time.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|In the end, it wasn't death that surprised her but the stubbornness of life.
Patricia McCormick, Cut|Look. I have a strategy. Why expect anything? If you don’t expect anything, you don’t get disappointed.
Danny Kaye|Life is a blank canvas, and you need to throw all the paint on it you can.
Hunter S. Thompson, Generation of Swine: Tales of Shame and Degradation in the '80's|Maybe there is no Heaven. Or maybe this is all pure gibberish—a product of the demented imagination of a lazy drunken hillbilly with a heart full of hate who has found a way to live out where the real winds blow—to sleep late, have fun, get wild, drink whisky, and drive fast on empty streets with nothing in mind except falling in love and not getting arrested . . . Res ipsa loquitur. Let the good times roll.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|She was like a drowning person, flailing, reaching for anything that might save her. Her life was an urgent, desperate struggle to justify her life.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|So much working, reading, thinking, living to do! A lifetime is not long enough.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|He is the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it's not about his face, but the life force I can see in him. It's the smile and the pure promise of everything he has to offer. Like he's saying, 'Here I am world, are you ready for so much passion and beauty and goodness and love and every other word that should be in the dictionary under the word life?' Except this boy is dead, and the unnaturalness of it makes me want to pull my hair out with Tate and Narnie and Fitz and Jude's grief all combined. It makes me want to yell at the God that I wish I didn't believe in. For hogging him all to himself. I want to say, 'You greedy God. Give him back. I needed him here.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Drink your tea slowly and reverently, as if it is the axis on which the world earth revolves - slowly, evenly, without rushing toward the future.
Gustave Flaubert|One can be the master of what one does, but never of what one feels.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|The choices you make now, the people you surround yourself with, they all have the potential to affect your life, even who you are, forever.
Marcel Proust|My destination is no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|Maybe happiness didn't have to be about the big, sweeping circumstances, about having everything in your life in place. Maybe it was about stringing together a bunch of small pleasures. Wearing slippers and watching the Miss Universe contest. Eating a brownie with vanilla ice cream. Getting to level seven in Dragon Master and knowing there were twenty more levels to go. Maybe happiness was just a matter of the little upticks- the traffic signal that said "Walk" the second you go there- and downticks- the itch tag at the back of your collar- that happened to every person in the course of the day. Maybe everybody had the same allotted measure of happiness within each day. maybe it didn't matter if you were a world-famous heartthrob or a painful geek. Maybe it didn't matter if your friend was possibly dying. Maybe you just got through it. Maybe that was all you could ask for.
Louis Sachar|I'm not saying it's going to be easy. Nothing in life is easy. But that's no reason to give up. You'll be surprised what you can accomplish if you set your mind to it. After all, you only have one life, so you should try to make the most of it.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|Life is the tragedy,' she said bitterly. 'You know how they categorize Shakespeare's plays, right? If it ends with a wedding, it's a comedy. And if it ends with a funeral, it's a tragedy. So we're all living tragedies, because we all end the same way, and it isn't with a goddamn wedding.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If you learn to really sit with loneliness and embrace it for the gift that it is…an opportunity to get to know YOU, to learn how strong you really are, to depend on no one but YOU for your happiness…you will realize that a little loneliness goes a LONG way in creating a richer, deeper, more vibrant and colorful YOU.
Drew Carey|Oh, you hate your job? Why didn't you say so?There's a support group for that. It's called EVERYBODY, and they meet at the bar.
Albert Einstein|We know from daily life that we exist for other people first of all, for whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|Sometimes I just think depression's one way of coping with the world. Like, some people get drunk, some people do drugs, some people get depressed. Because there's so much stuff out there that you have to do something to deal with it.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
Oscar Wilde|I won't tell you that the world matters nothing, or the world's voice, or the voice of society. They matter a good deal. They matter far too much. But there are moments when one has to choose between living one's own life, fully, entirely, completely—or dragging out some false, shallow, degrading existence that the world in its hypocrisy demands. You have that moment now. Choose!
Woody Allen|Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering - and it's all over much too soon.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|This life is for loving, sharing, learning, smiling, caring, forgiving, laughing, hugging, helping, dancing, wondering, healing, and even more loving. I choose to live life this way. I want to live my life in such a way that when I get out of bed in the morning, the devil says, 'aw shit, he's up!
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Save|Chocolate says "I'm sorry" so much better than words.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|I've crossed some kind of invisible line. I feel as if I've come to a place I never thought I'd have to come to. And I don't know how I got here. It's a strange place. It's a place where a little harmless dreaming and then some sleepy, early-morning talk has led me into considerations of death and annihilation.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning: just as, if there were no light in the universe and therefore no creatures with eyes, we should never know it was dark. Dark would be without meaning.
Joseph Campbell, A Joseph Campbell Companion: Reflections on the Art of Living|The goal of life is to make your heartbeat match the beat of the universe, to match your nature with Nature.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Me: “I refuse to attend Support Group.”Mom: “One of the symptoms of depression is disinterest in activities.”Me: “Please just let me watch America’s Next Top Model. It’s an activity.”Mom: “Television is a passivity.”Me: “Ugh, Mom, please.”Mom: “Hazel, you’re a teenager. You’re not a little kid anymore. You need to make friends, get out of the house, and live your life.”Me: “If you want me to be a teenager, don’t send me to Support Group. Buy me a fake ID so I can go to clubs, drink vodka, and take pot.”Mom: “You don’t take pot, for starters.”Me: “See, that’s the kind of thing I’d know if you got me a fake ID.”Mom: “You’re going to Support Group.”Me: “UGGGGGGGGGGGGG.”Mom: “Hazel, you deserve a life.
John Lennon|Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When someone sees the same people every day, as had happened with him at the seminary, they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You were not born on earth to please anyone; you have to live life to express yourself, not to impress someone. Don't pretend to be someone you're not, and never lose yourself in search of other people's acceptance and approval.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Every choice comes with a consequence. Once you make a choice, you must accept responsibility. You cannot escape the consequences of your choices, whether you like them or not.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit|You are -- your life, and nothing else.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Our revels now are ended. These our actors, As I foretold you, were all spirits and Are melted into air, into thin air: And, like the baseless fabric of this vision, The cloud-capp’d towers, the gorgeous palaces, The solemn temples, the great globe itself, Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve And, like this insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
C.G. Jung|Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not. 
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Life is tragic simply because the earth turns and the sun inexorably rises and sets, and one day, for each of us, the sun will go down for the last, last time. Perhaps the whole root of our trouble, the human trouble, is that we will sacrifice all the beauty of our lives, will imprison ourselves in totems, taboos, crosses, blood sacrifices, steeples, mosques, races, armies, flags, nations, in order to deny the fact of death, the only fact we have. It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death--ought to decide, indeed, to earn one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible for life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return.
Henry Rollins, The Portable Henry Rollins|I definitely learned a lesson this time. I know that I can be broken. I am not as tough as I thought. I see it now. At this point, it's the only thing good that came out of all of this. I know myself better now and know what I have to do.
Deepak Chopra|When you make a choice, you change the future.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Mismeasure of Man|We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|I am suddenly comsumed by nostalgia for the little girl who was me, who loved the fields and believed in God, who spent winter days home sick from school reading Nancy Drew and sucking menthol cough drops, who could keep a secret.
Masashi Kishimoto|There's no advantage to hurrying through life." -Shikamaru Nara
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.
Irvin D. Yalom, When Nietzsche Wept|Despair is the price one pays for self-awareness. Look deeply into life, and you'll always find despair.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Premature Burial|The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|And when I saw him[my father] lying dead in a pool of his own blood, I knew then that I hadn't stopped believing in God. I'd just stopped believing God cared. There might be a God, Clary, and there might be not. Either way, we're on our own.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|What if life could be this way? Only the happy parts, none of the terrible, not even the mildly unpleasant. What if we could just cut out the bad and keep the good? This is what I want to do with Violet - give her only the good, keep away the bad, so that good is all we ever have around us.
Ashly Lorenzana|We judge others instantly by their clothes, their cars, their appearance, their race, their education, their social status. The list is endless. What gets me is that most people decide who another person is before they have even spoken to them. What's even worse is that these same people decide who someone else is, and don't even know who they are themselves.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|If we admit that human life can be ruled by reason, then all possibility of life is destroyed.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Change course, but don’t give up.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|I'll never know, and neither will you, of the life you don't choose. We'll only know that whatever that sister life was, it was important and beautiful and not ours. It was the ghost ship that didn't carry us. There's nothing to do but salute it from the shore.
John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life|Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness. It trains the mind through the eye, and the eye through the mind. As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|One swallow does not make a summer,neither does one fine day; similarly one day or brief time of happiness does not make a person entirely happy.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|About once or twice every month I engage in public debates with those whose pressing need it is to woo and to win the approval of supernatural beings. Very often, when I give my view that there is no supernatural dimension, and certainly not one that is only or especially available to the faithful, and that the natural world is wonderful enough—and even miraculous enough if you insist—I attract pitying looks and anxious questions. How, in that case, I am asked, do I find meaning and purpose in life? How does a mere and gross materialist, with no expectation of a life to come, decide what, if anything, is worth caring about?Depending on my mood, I sometimes but not always refrain from pointing out what a breathtakingly insulting and patronizing question this is. (It is on a par with the equally subtle inquiry: Since you don't believe in our god, what stops you from stealing and lying and raping and killing to your heart's content?) Just as the answer to the latter question is: self-respect and the desire for the respect of others—while in the meantime it is precisely those who think they have divine permission who are truly capable of any atrocity—so the answer to the first question falls into two parts. A life that partakes even a little of friendship, love, irony, humor, parenthood, literature, and music, and the chance to take part in battles for the liberation of others cannot be called 'meaningless' except if the person living it is also an existentialist and elects to call it so. It could be that all existence is a pointless joke, but it is not in fact possible to live one's everyday life as if this were so. Whereas if one sought to define meaninglessness and futility, the idea that a human life should be expended in the guilty, fearful, self-obsessed propitiation of supernatural nonentities… but there, there. Enough.
Maria V. Snyder, Fire Study|There's always another storm. It's the way the world works. Snowstorms, rainstorms, windstorms, sandstorms, and firestorms. Some are fierce and others are small. You have to deal with each one separately, but you need to keep an eye on whats brewing for tomorrow.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Thermodynamic miracles... events with odds against so astronomical they're effectively impossible, like oxygen spontaneously becoming gold. I long to observe such a thing.And yet, in each human coupling, a thousand million sperm vie for a single egg. Multiply those odds by countless generations, against the odds of your ancestors being alive; meeting; siring this precise son; that exact daughter... Until your mother loves a man she has every reason to hate, and of that union, of the thousand million children competing for fertilization, it was you, only you, that emerged. To distill so specific a form from that chaos of improbability, like turning air to gold... that is the crowning unlikelihood. The thermodynamic miracle.But...if me, my birth, if that's a thermodynamic miracle... I mean, you could say that about anybody in the world!.Yes. Anybody in the world. ..But the world is so full of people, so crowded with these miracles that they become commonplace and we forget... I forget. We gaze continually at the world and it grows dull in our perceptions. Yet seen from the another's vantage point. As if new, it may still take our breath away. Come...dry your eyes. For you are life, rarer than a quark and unpredictable beyond the dreams of Heisenberg; the clay in which the forces that shape all things leave their fingerprints most clearly. Dry your eyes... and let's go home.
Nicholas Sparks, The Rescue|Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|When I lost my sight, Werner, people said I was brave. When my father left, people said I was brave. But it is not bravery; I have no choice. I wake up and live my life. Don't you do the same?
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|You are a child of the universe, no less than the trees and the stars; you have a right to be here. And whether or not it is clear to you, no doubt the universe is unfolding as it should.
Oscar Wilde|Life is not complex. We are complex. Life is simple, and the simple thing is the right thing.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|No one ever does live happily ever after, but we leave the children to find that out for themselves.
Tom Hiddleston|Stay hungry, stay young, stay foolish, stay curious, and above all, stay humble because just when you think you got all the answers, is the moment when some bitter twist of fate in the universe will remind you that you very much don't.
Steve Jobs|I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
Charles M. Schulz|In the Book of Life, The answers aren't in the back.
Brian Tracy|Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation.
David Levithan, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|Singing in the rain. I'm singing in the rain. And it's such a fucking glorious feeling. An unexpected downpour and I am just giving myself into it. Because what the fuck else can you do? Run for cover? Shriek and curse? No--when the rain falls you just let it fall and you grin like a madman and you dance with it because if you can make yourself happy in the rain, then you're doing pretty alright in life.
C. JoyBell C.|In case you never get a second chance: don't be afraid!" "And what if you do get a second chance?" "You take it!
Sarah Kay|Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.
Langston Hughes|Well, I like to eat, sleep, drink, and be in love.I like to work, read, learn, and understand life.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|I don’t really want to become normal, average, standard. I want merely to gain in strength, in the courage to live out my life more fully, enjoy more, experience more. I want to develop even more original and more unconventional traits
Ann Brashares|I'm afraid of time... I mean, I'm afraid of not having enough time. Not enough time to understand people, how they really are, or to be understood myself. I'm afraid of the quick judgements or mistakes everybody makes. You can't fix them without time. I'm afraid of seeing snapshots, not movies.
Joyce Meyer|Spending time with God is the key to our strength and success in all areas of life. Be sure that you never try to work God into your schedule, but always work your schedule around Him.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, but it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: music, laughter,the physics of falling leaves, automobiles, holding hands,the scent of rain, the concept of subway trains... if only one could leave this life slowly!
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|I had rather be shut up in a very modest cottage with my books, my family and a few old friends, dining on simple bacon, and letting the world roll on as it liked, than to occupy the most splendid post, which any human power can give.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|In the end, the world always wins. That's just the way of things.
Martha Graham|All that is important is this one moment in movement. Make the moment important, vital, and worth living. Do not let it slip away unnoticed and unused.
Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds|Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.
Anne Bradstreet, The Works of Anne Bradstreet|If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant: if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."]
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Pulvis et umbra sumus. It's a line from Horace. 'We are dust and shadows'. Appropriate, don't you think?" Will said. "It's not a long life, killing demons; one tends to die young, and then they burn your body - dust to dust, in the literal sense. And then we vanish into the shadows of history, nary a mark on the page of a mundane book to remind the world that once we existed at all.
C. JoyBell C.|Life is a bowl of cherries. Some cherries are rotten while others are good; its your job to throw out the rotten ones and forget about them while you enjoy eating the ones that are good! There are two kinds of people: those who choose to throw out the good cherries and wallow in all the rotten ones, and those who choose to throw out all the rotten ones and savor all the good ones.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The sense of tragedy - according to Aristotle - comes, ironically enough, not from the protagonist's weak points but from his good qualities. Do you know what I'm getting at? People are drawn deeper into tragedy not by their defects but by their virtues....[But] we accept irony through a device called metaphor. And through that we grow and become deeper human beings.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|No matter how much experience you have, there’s always something new you can learn and room for improvement.
David Cook|If you can't do anything about it, laugh like hell.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|I suppose sooner or later in the life of everyone comes a moment of trial. We all of us have our particular devil who rides us and torments us, and we must give battle in the end.
Jane Austen, Emma|Without music, life would be a blank to me.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|My point is, life is about balance. The good and the bad. The highs and the lows. The pina and the colada.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|...when pain is over, the remembrance of it often becomes a pleasure.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|How would your life be different if…You stopped worrying about things you can’t control and started focusing on the things you can? Let today be the day…You free yourself from fruitless worry, seize the day and take effective action on things you can change.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things; because the shadow always follows. Choose a place where you won't do harm - yes, choose a place where you won't do very much harm, and stand in it for all you are worth, facing the sunshine.
Alan W. Watts|The art of living... is neither careless drifting on the one hand nor fearful clinging to the past on the other. It consists in being sensitive to each moment, in regarding it as utterly new and unique, in having the mind open and wholly receptive.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|No one else has access to the world you carry around within yourself; you are its custodian and entrance. No one else can see the world the way you see it. No one else can feel your life the way you feel it. Thus it is impossible to ever compare two people because each stands on such different ground. When you compare yourself to others, you are inviting envy into your consciousness; it can be a dangerous and destructive guest.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The only artists I have ever known who are personally delightful are bad artists. Good artists exist simply in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are. A great poet, a really great poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures. But inferior poets are absolutely fascinating. The worse their rhymes are, the more picturesque they look. The mere fact of having published a book of second-rate sonnets makes a man quite irresistible. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. The others write the poetry that they dare not realize.
Edward Gorey|I really think I write about everyday life. I don't think I'm quite as odd as others say I am. Life is intrinsically, well, boring and dangerous at the same time. At any given moment the floor may open up. Of course, it almost never does; that's what makes it so boring.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|When we're connected to others, we become better people.
Nicholas Sparks|I'm sure you think that I don't understand what you're going through, but I do. It's just that sometimes, our future is dictated by what we are, opposed to what we want.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|By the way, when Oprah Winfrey is suggesting you may have overextended yourself, you need to examine your fucking life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.
John Mayer|Life is like a box of crayons. Most people are the 8 color boxes, but what you're really looking for are the 64 color boxes with the sharpeners on the back. I fancy myself to be a 64 color box, though I've got a few missing. It's okay though, because I've got some more vibrant colors like periwinkle at my disposal. I have a bit of a problem though in that I can only meet the 8 color boxes. Does anyone else have that problem? I mean there are so many different colors of life, of feeling, of articulation. So when I meet someone who's an 8 color type...I'm like, hey girl, Magenta! and she's like, oh, you mean purple! and she goes off on her purple thing, and I'm like, no I want Magenta!
Stephen King, 11/22/63|We never know which lives we influence, or when, or why.
Nicholas Sparks, Nights in Rodanthe|Too many people seem to believe that silence was a void that needed to be filled, even if nothing important was said.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Instructions for freedom":1. Life's metaphors are God's instructions.2. You have just climbed up and above the roof, there is nothing between you and the Infinite; now, let go.3. The day is ending, it's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, let go.4. Your wish for resolution was a prayer. You are being here is God's response, let go and watch the stars came out, in the inside and in the outside.5. With all your heart ask for Grace and let go. 6. With all your heart forgive him, forgive yourself and let him go.7. Let your intention be freedom from useless suffering then, let go.8. Watch the heat of day pass into the cold night, let go.9. When the Karma of a relationship is done, only Love remains. It's safe, let go.10. When the past has past from you at last, let go.. then, climb down and begin the rest of your life with great joy.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|no, no, it's not all random, if it really was all random, the universe would abandon us completely. and the universe doesn't. it takes care of its most fragile creations in ways we can't see. like with parents who adore you blindly. and a big sister who feels guilty for being human over you. and a little gravelly-voiced kid whose friends have left him over you. and even a pink-haired girl who carries your picture in her wallet. maybe it is a lottery, but the universe makes it all even out in the end. the universe takes care of all its birds.
Marian Keyes, Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married|It was ironic, really - you want to die because you can't be bothered to go on living - but then you're expected to get all energetic and move furniture and stand on chairs and hoist ropes and do complicated knots and attach things to other things and kick stools from under you and mess around with hot baths and razor blades and extension cords and electrical appliances and weedkiller. Suicide was a complicated, demanding business, often involving visits to hardware shops.And if you've managed to drag yourself from the bed and go down the road to the garden center or the drug store, by then the worst is over. At that point you might as well just go to work.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|Life isn’t about what you get, it’s about what you DO with what you get.
Henry Miller, Stand Still Like the Hummingbird|Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|That's the thing about life. A lot of the time, it isn't easy at all. We just have to try to make the best of it.
Mark Twain, Life on the Mississippi|Now and then we had a hope that if we lived and were good, God would permit us to be pirates.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|You can go your whole life collecting days, and none will outweigh the one you wish you had back.
Lana Del Rey|We have nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore- except to make our lives into a work of art.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day when it is not easy, a day when he must choose. (Maester Aemon)
Randall Munroe, xkcd: volume 0|Take wrong turns. Talk to strangers. Open unmarked doors. And if you see a group of people in a field, go find out what they are doing. Do things without always knowing how they'll turn out. You're curious and smart and bored, and all you see is the choice between working hard and slacking off. There are so many adventures that you miss because you're waiting to think of a plan. To find them, look for tiny interesting choices. And remember that you are always making up the future as you go.
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Do not let your difficulties fill you with anxiety, after all it is only in the darkest nights that stars shine more brightly.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|In order to move on, you must understand why you felt what you did and why you no longer need to feel it.
Stephen Hawking|My expectations were reduced to zero when I was 21. Everything since then has been a bonus.", December 12, 2004)]
The Subject Tonight Is Love: 60 Wild and Sweet Poems of Hafiz|For a day, just for one day,Talk about that which disturbs no oneAnd bring some peace into yourBeautiful eyes.
Melody Beattie, The Language of Letting Go: Daily Meditations on Codependency|I used to spend so much time reacting and responding to everyone else that my life had no direction. Other people's lives, problems, and wants set the course for my life. Once I realized it was okay for me to think about and identify what I wanted, remarkable things began to take place in my life.
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|When she is happy, she can't stop talking, when she is sad she doesn't say a word.
Arundhati Roy|Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|But the effect of her being on those around her was incalculably diffusive: for the growing good of the world is partly dependent on unhistoric acts; and that things are not so ill with you and me as they might have been, is half owing to the number who lived faithfully a hidden life, and rest in unvisited tombs.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Those with a grateful mindset tend to see the message in the mess. And even though life may knock them down, the grateful find reasons, if even small ones, to get up.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|It is life, I think, to watch the water. A man can learn so many things.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When you're socially awkward, you're isolated more than usual, and when you're isolated more than usual, your creativity is less compromised by what has already been said and done. All your hope in life starts to depend on your craft, so you try to perfect it. One reason I stay isolated more than the average person is to keep my creativity as fierce as possible. Being the odd one out may have its temporary disadvantages, but more importantly, it has its permanent advantages.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, All the Sad Young Men|So he tasted the deep pain that is reserved only for the strong, just as he had tasted for a little while the deep happiness.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen. The stubborn retention of it, even in the face of extreme physical hardship, can hold a man's soul in his body long past the point at which the body should have surrendered it.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|Beauty is a whore, I like money better.
Confucius|Forget injuries, never forget kindnesses.
Roy T. Bennett|When you lose your smile, you lose your way in the chaos of life.
C. JoyBell C.|People can have their opinions about everything in the world, but people's opinions end where the tip of my nose begins. Your opinions of others can only go so far as to where their own shoreline is. The world is for your taking, but other people are not. One is only allowed to have an opinion of me, if that person is done educating him/herself on everything about me. Before people educate themselves on everything about you, they're not allowed to open their venomous mouthes and have an opinion about you.
James J. Lachard|Man surprised me most about humanity. Because he sacrifices his health in order to make money.Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available. Be an encourager. Always.
Shannon L. Alder|Carve your name on hearts, not tombstones. A legacy is etched into the minds of others and the stories they share about you.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|I've come to believe that in everyone's life, there's one undeniable moment of change, a set of circumstances that suddenly alters everything.
John Burroughs|I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|After you find out all the things that can go wrong, your life becomes less about living and more about waiting.
Jason Mraz|Here’s to freedom, cheers to art. Here’s to having an excellent adventure and may the stopping never start.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Can a person steal happiness? Or is just another internal, infernal human trick?
George Orwell|At 50, everyone has the face he deserves.
Franz Kafka|L'éternité, c'est long ... surtout vers la fin.
Eric Berne|The moment a little boy is concerned with which is a jay and which is a sparrow, he can no longer see the birds or hear them sing.
Angela Schwindt|While we try to teach our children all about life, our children teach us what life is all about.
Albert Camus|A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|And though you think the world is at your feet, it can rise up and tread on you.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|That’s how stories happen — with a turning point, an unexpected twist. There’s only one kind of happiness, but misfortune comes in all shapes and sizes. It’s like Tolstoy said. Happiness is an allegory, unhappiness a story.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|I'd found out that if you pushed people away hard enough, they tended to go.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|The life where nothing was ever unexpected. Or inconvenient. Or unusual. The life without colour, pain or past.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.
Wiz Khalifa|I don’t chase after anyone, If you wanna walk out of my life, then I’ll hold the fucking door open for you.
Anne Sexton|Live or die, but don't poison everything.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|[F]or just one second, look at your life and see how perfect it is. Stop looking for the next secret door that is going to lead you to your real life. Stop waiting. This is it: there's nothing else. It's here, and you'd better decide to enjoy it or you're going to be miserable wherever you go, for the rest of your life, forever.
Eric Roth, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button Screenplay|I hope you live a life you’re proud of. If you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|It's funny: I always imagined when I was a kid that adults had some kind of inner toolbox full of shiny tools: the saw of discernment, the hammer of wisdom, the sandpaper of patience. But then when I grew up I found that life handed you these rusty bent old tools - friendships, prayer, conscience, honesty - and said 'do the best you can with these, they will have to do'. And mostly, against all odds, they do.
C. JoyBell C.|This is the key to life: To expect everything to be given to you from above, yet to be genuinely surprised and forever grateful, when they are. Expecting all good things to be yours, while not knowing how to take anything for granted. If there may be a key in life, this is the key.
Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You|She had been given a wonderful gift: life. Sometimes it was cruelly taken away too soon, but it's what you did with it that counted, not how long it lasted.
Pittacus Lore, The Power of Six|Never lose faith in yourself, and never lose hope; remember, even when this world throws its worst and then turns its back, there is still always hope.
Charles Baudelaire|What strange phenomena we find in a great city, all we need do is stroll about with our eyes open. Life swarms with innocent monsters.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|This work was strictly voluntary, but any animal who absented himself from it would have his rations reduced by half.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|After you're gone, people will forget your name, no matter how important it was, and your face, no matter how pretty it was, and what you said, no matter how clever any of it sounded.The things you've done will crumble and fade and the places you once loved, will change and be given new names.You are only here for one moment and it lasts exactly one lifetime.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|There is great change to be experienced once you learn the power of letting go. Stop allowing anyone or anything to control, limit, repress, or discourage you from being your true self! Today is YOURS to shape - own it - break free from people and things that poison or dilute your spirit.
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|Girls get screwed.Not that kind of screwed, what I mean is, they're always on the short end of things.The way things work, how guys feel great, but make girls feelcheap for doingexactly what they beg for.The way they get to play you, all the while claiming they love you and making you believe it's true.The way it's okay to gift their heart one day, a backhand the next, to move on to the apricotwhen the peach blushes and bruises.These things make me believe God's a man after all.
Roy T. Bennett|If you care about something enough, you'll find a way to make it happen.
C. JoyBell C.|Destiny is real. And she's not mild-mannered. She will come around and hit you in the face and knock you over and before you know what hit you, you're naked- stripped of everything you thought you knew and everything you thought you didn't know- and there you are! A bloody nose, bruises all over you, and naked. And it's the most beautiful thing.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I came here looking for a Great Perhaps, for real friends and a more-than-minor life..
Victoria Schwab, The Archived|What if I mess up?""Oh, you will. You'll mess up, you'll make mistakes, you'll break things. Some you'll be able to piece together, and others you'll lose. That's all a given. But there's only one thing you have to do for me.""What's that?""Stay alive long enough to mess up again.
André Gide|The true hypocrite is the one who ceases to perceive his deception, the one who lies with sincerity.
Jonathan Safran Foer|It has shown me that everything is illuminated in the light of the past. It is always along the side of us...on the inside, looking out.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|It is a small world. You do not have to live in it particularly long to learn that for yourself. There is a theory that, in the whole world, there are only five hundred real people (the cast, as it were; all the rest of the people in the world, the theory suggests, are extras) and what is more, they all know each other. And it's true, or true as far as it goes. In reality the world is made of thousands upon thousands of groups of about five hundred people, all of whom will spend their lives bumping into each other, trying to avoid each other, and discovering each other in the same unlikely teashop in Vancouver. There is an unavoidability to this process. It's not even coincidence. It's just the way the world works, with no regard for individuals or for propriety.
Jodi Picoult|If I had to tell you how humans made their way to Earth, it would go like this: In the beginning, there was nothing at all but the moon and the sun. And the moon wanted to come out during the day, but there was something so much brighter that seemed to fill up all those hours. The moon grew hungry, thinner and thinner, until she was just a slice of herself, and her tips were as sharp as a knife. By accident, because that is the way most things happen, she poked a hole in the night and out spilled a million stars, like a fountain of tears.Horrified, the moon tried to swallow them up. And sometimes this worked, because she got fatter and rounder.. But mostly it didn't, because there were just so many. The stars kept coming, until they made the sky so bright that the sun got jealous. He invited the stars to his side of the world, where it was always bright. What he didn't tell them, though, was that in the daytime, they'd never be seen. So the stupid ones leaped from the sky to the ground, and they froze under the weight of their own foolishness.The moon did her best. She carved each of these blocks of sorrow into a man or a woman. She spent the rest of her time watching out so that her other stars wouldn't fall. She spent the rest of her time holding onto whatever scraps she had left.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|you might want to decide fast. We live in a dangerous world. If you see a chance to be happy, you have to fight for it, so later you have no regrets.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Understanding the difference between healthy striving and perfectionism is critical to laying down the shield and picking up your life. Research shows that perfectionism hampers success. In fact, it's often the path to depression, anxiety, addiction, and life paralysis.
C. JoyBell C.|Never do a single thing in the anticipation to prove something to someone who has hurt you. If someone has hurt or offended you (whoever that person may be), never perform anything or strive for anything in your life with the mind of proving something to that someone/ to those people. May nothing that you do be done with any thought of them in mind. There is nothing that needs to be proven.
Tana French, In the Woods|I am not good at noticing when I'm happy, except in retrospect.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Sorrow looks back, Worry looks around, Faith looks up
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Do you ever wonder whether people would like you more or less if they could see inside you? But I always wonder about that. If people could see me the way I see myself—if they could live in my memories—would anyone, anyone, love me?
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|You will suffer, son of Hades!’ What else is new? Nico thought.
H.P. Lovecraft|I never ask a man what his business is, for it never interests me. What I ask him about are his thoughts and dreams.
Ellen Goodman|Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work and driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for - in order to get to the job you need to pay for the clothes and the car, and the house you leave vacant all day so you can afford to live in it.
Marjorie Pay Hinckley|The trick is to enjoy life. Don't wish away your days, waiting for better ones ahead.
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Did you ever, when you were little, endure your parents’ warnings, then wait for them to leave the room, pry loose protective covers and consider inserting some metal object into an electrical outlet? Did you wonder if for once you might light up the room? When you were big enough to cross the street on your own, did you ever wait for a signal, hear the frenzied approach of a fire truck and feel like stepping out in front of it? Did you wonder just how far that rocket ride might take you? When you were almost grown, did you ever sit in a bubble bath, perspiration pooling, notice a blow dryer plugged in within easy reach, and think about dropping it into the water? Did you wonder if the expected rush might somehow fail you? And now, do you ever dangle your toes over the precipice, dare the cliff to crumble, defy the frozen deity to suffer the sun, thaw feather and bone, take wing to fly you home?
Osho, The Buddha Said...: Meeting the Challenge of Life's Difficulties|Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized.
Ani DiFranco|Art is the reason I get up in the morning, but the definition ends there. It doesn't seem fair that I'm living for something I can't even define.
C. JoyBell C.|When I was a little girl, everything in the world fell into either of these two categories: wrong or right. Black or white. Now that I am an adult, I have put childish things aside and now I know that some things fall into wrong and some things fall into right. Some things are categorized as black and some things are categorized as white. But most things in the world aren't either! Most things in the world aren't black, aren't white, aren't wrong, aren't right, but most of everything is just different. And now I know that there's nothing wrong with different, and that we can let things be different, we don't have to try and make them black or white, we can just let them be grey. And when I was a child, I thought that God was the God who only saw black and white. Now that I am no longer a child, I can see, that God is the God who can see the black and the white and the grey, too, and He dances on the grey! Grey is okay.
Ron White|I believe when life gives you lemons, you should make lemonade...and try to find someone whose life has given them vodka, and have a party.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.
Joseph Brodsky|Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|All the world's a stage,And all the men and women merely players;They have their exits and their entrances,And one man in his time plays many parts,His acts being seven ages. At first, the infant,Mewling and puking in the nurse's arms.Then the whining schoolboy, with his satchelAnd shining morning face, creeping like snailUnwillingly to school. And then the lover,Sighing like furnace, with a woeful balladMade to his mistress' eyebrow. Then a soldier,Full of strange oaths and bearded like the pard,Jealous in honor, sudden and quick in quarrel,Seeking the bubble reputationEven in the cannon's mouth. And then the justice,In fair round belly with good capon lined,With eyes severe and beard of formal cut,Full of wise saws and modern instances;And so he plays his part. The sixth age shiftsInto the lean and slippered pantaloon,With spectacles on nose and pouch on side;His youthful hose, well saved, a world too wideFor his shrunk shank, and his big manly voice,Turning again toward childish treble, pipesAnd whistles in his sound. Last scene of all,That ends this strange eventful history,Is second childishness and mere oblivion,Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|When you are measuring life, you are not living it.
Orson Welles|I don't pray really, because I don't want to bore God.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|That’s life for you. All the happiness you gather to yourself, it will sweep away like it’s nothing. If you ask me I don’t think there are any such things as curses. I think there is only life. That’s enough.
Helen Keller|Everything has its wonders, even darkness and silence, and I learn, whatever state I may be in, therein to be content
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The knowledge that the atoms that comprise life on earth - the atoms that make up the human body, are traceable to the crucibles that cooked light elements into heavy elements in their core under extreme temperatures and pressures. These stars- the high mass ones among them- went unstable in their later years- they collapsed and then exploded- scattering their enriched guts across the galaxy- guts made of carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and all the fundamental ingredients of life itself. These ingredients become part of gas clouds that condense, collapse, form the next generation of solar systems- stars with orbiting planets. And those planets now have the ingredients for life itself. So that when I look up at the night sky, and I know that yes we are part of this universe, we are in this universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts is that the universe is in us. When I reflect on that fact, I look up- many people feel small, cause their small and the universe is big. But I feel big because my atoms came from those stars.
Bill Watterson, The Authoritative Calvin and Hobbes: A Calvin and Hobbes Treasury|If you can't control your peanut butter, you can't expect to control your life.
Rai Aren|I made the choice to be vegan because I will not eat (or wear, or use) anything that could have an emotional response to its death or captivity. I can well imagine what that must feel like for our non-human friends - the fear, the terror, the pain - and I will not cause such suffering to a fellow living being.
David Levithan, Every You, Every Me|You don't know me. You know one me, just like I know one you. And you can't know every me, and I can't know every you.
Michael  Jackson|To live is to be musical, starting with the blood dancing in your veins. Everything living has a rhythm. Do you feel your music?
Brigid Gorry-Hines|Life has a way of going in circles. Ideally, it would be a straight path forward––we'd always know where we were going, we'd always be able to move on and leave everything else behind. There would be nothing but the present and the future. Instead, we always find ourselves where we started. When we try to move ahead, we end up taking a step back. We carry everything with us, the weight exhausting us until we want to collapse and give up. We forget things we try to remember. We remember things we'd rather forget. The most frightening thing about memory is that it leaves no choice. It has mastered an incomprehensible art of forgetting. It erases, it smudges, it fills in blank spaces with details that don't exist. But however we remember it––or choose to remember it––the past is the foundation that holds our lives in place. Without its support, we'd have nothing for guidance. We spend so much time focused on what lies ahead, when what has fallen behind is just as important. What defines us isn't where we're going, but where we've been. Although there are places and people we will never see again, and although we move on and let them go, they remain a part of who we are. There are things that will never change, things we will carry along with us always. But as we venture into the murky future, we must find our strength by learning to leave things behind.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|Life... is like a grapefruit. Well, it's sort of orangey-yellow and dimpled on the outside, wet and squidgy in the middle. It's got pips inside, too. Oh, and some people have half a one for breakfast.
Banana Yoshimoto, Goodbye Tsugumi|No matter where you are, you're always a bit on your own, always an outsider.
Morrissey|Disappointment came to me,and booted me,and bruised and hurt me,but that's how people grow up.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.
Roy T. Bennett|Real change is difficult at the beginning. Without the familiar to rely upon, you may not in as much command as you had once been. When things are not going your way, you will start doubting yourself. Stay positive, keep the faith, and keep moving forward – your breakthrough may be just around the corner.
Emily Giffin, Something Blue|Love and friendship. They are what make us who we are, and what can change us, if we let them.
Hans Christian Andersen|Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up.
Sam Levenson|For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|believe that this way of living, this focus on the present, the daily, the tangible, this intense concentration not on the news headlines but on the flowers growing in your own garden, the children growing in your own home, this way of living has the potential to open up the heavens, to yield a glittering handful of diamonds where a second ago there was coal. This way of living and noticing and building and crafting can crack through the movie sets and soundtracks that keep us waiting for our own life stories to begin, and set us free to observe the lives we have been creating all along without ever realizing it.I don’t want to wait anymore. I choose to believe that there is nothing more sacred or profound than this day. I choose to believe that there may be a thousand big moments embedded in this day, waiting to be discovered like tiny shards of gold. The big moments are the daily, tiny moments of courage and forgiveness and hope that we grab on to and extend to one another. That’s the drama of life, swirling all around us, and generally I don’t even see it, because I’m too busy waiting to become whatever it is I think I am about to become. The big moments are in every hour, every conversation, every meal, every meeting.The Heisman Trophy winner knows this. He knows that his big moment was not when they gave him the trophy. It was the thousand times he went to practice instead of going back to bed. It was the miles run on rainy days, the healthy meals when a burger sounded like heaven. That big moment represented and rested on a foundation of moments that had come before it.I believe that if we cultivate a true attention, a deep ability to see what has been there all along, we will find worlds within us and between us, dreams and stories and memories spilling over. The nuances and shades and secrets and intimations of love and friendship and marriage an parenting are action-packed and multicolored, if you know where to look.Today is your big moment. Moments, really. The life you’ve been waiting for is happening all around you. The scene unfolding right outside your window is worth more than the most beautiful painting, and the crackers and peanut butter that you’re having for lunch on the coffee table are as profound, in their own way, as the Last Supper. This is it. This is life in all its glory, swirling and unfolding around us, disguised as pedantic, pedestrian non-events. But pull of the mask and you will find your life, waiting to be made, chosen, woven, crafted.Your life, right now, today, is exploding with energy and power and detail and dimension, better than the best movie you have ever seen. You and your family and your friends and your house and your dinner table and your garage have all the makings of a life of epic proportions, a story for the ages. Because they all are. Every life is.You have stories worth telling, memories worth remembering, dreams worth working toward, a body worth feeding, a soul worth tending, and beyond that, the God of the universe dwells within you, the true culmination of super and natural. You are more than dust and bones.You are spirit and power and image of God.And you have been given Today.
Michel Houellebecq|The absence of the will to live is, alas, not sufficient to make one want to die.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Your time may come. Do not be too sad, Sam. You cannot be always torn in two. You will have to be one and whole, for many years. You have so much to enjoy and to be, and to do.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|Go for it, while you can. I know you have it in you. And I can't promise you'll get everything you want, but I can promise nothing will change if you don't try.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
Toni Morrison, The Bluest Eye|Along with the idea of romantic love, she was introduced to another--physical beauty. Probably the most destructive ideas in the history of human thought. Both originated in envy, thrived in insecurity, and ended in disillusion.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|When it was over, she gathered him in her arms. And told him the terrible irony of her life.That she had wanted to be dead all those years while her brother had been alive. That had been her sin.And this was her penance.Wanting to live when everyone else seemed dead.
Diane Von Furstenberg|The most important relationship in your life is the relationship you have with yourself. Because no matter what happens, you will always be with yourself.
Tehyi Hsieh|Life is partly what we make it, and partly what it is made by the friends we choose.
Hilary Duff|People are going to say what they want to say and think what they want to think, and I can't change their minds.
C. JoyBell C.|I don't know why people are afraid of lust. Then I can imagine that they are very afraid of me, for I have a great lust for everything. A lust for life, a lust for how the summer-heated street feels beneath my feet, a lust for the touch of another's skin on my skin...a lust for everything. I even lust after cake. Yes, I am very lusty and very scary.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Kobayashi Issa|Never forget:we walk on hell,gazing at flowers.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|The world will give you that once in awhile, a brief timeout; the boxing bell rings and you go to your corner, where somebody dabs mercy on your beat-up life.
Emil M. Cioran|Man starts over again everyday, in spite of all he knows, against all he knows.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Because," explained Mary Rommely simply, "the child must have a valuable thing which is called imagination. The child must have a secret world in which live things that never were. It is necessary that she believe. She must start out by believing in things not of this world. Then when the world becomes too ugly for living in, the child can reach back and live in her imagination. I, myself, even in this day and at my age, have great need of recalling the miraculous lives of the Saints and the great miracles that have come to pass on earth. Only by having these things in my mind can I live beyond what I have to live for.
Zayn Malik|No matter how hard life is, don't lose hope
Jean Rhys, Smile Please: An Unfinished Autobiography|I like shape very much. A novel has to have shape, and life doesn't have any. 
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|When all is said and done, the life of faith is nothing if not an unending struggle of the spirit with every available weapon against the flesh.
Bohdi Sanders, The Secrets of Worldly Wisdom: Your Key to Unlocking Success|Focus on making yourself better, not on thinking that you are better.
Tennessee Williams|You can be young without money, but you can't be old without it.
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|A home filled with nothing but yourself. It's heavy, that lightness. It's crushing, that emptiness.
Gayle Forman, Just One Year|Sometimes fate or life or whatever you want to call it, leaves a door a little open and you walk through it. But sometimes it locks the door and you have to find the key, or pick the lock, or knock the damn thing down. And sometimes, it doesn't even show you the door, and you have to build it yourself. But if you keep waiting for the doors to be opened for you... I think you'll have a hard time finding single happiness, let alone that double portion.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Because I don’t care what anyone says or how often or winningly they say it: no one will ever, ever be able to persuade me that life is some awesome, rewarding treat. Because, here’s the truth: life is a catastrophe. The basic fact of existence – of walking around trying to feed ourselves and find friends and whatever else we do – is a catastrophe. Forget all this ridiculous ‘Our Town’ nonsense everyone talks: the miracle of a newborn babe, the joy of one simple blossom, Life You Are Too Wonderful To Grasp, &c. For me – and I’ll keep repeating it doggedly till I die, till I fall over on my ungrateful nihilistic face and am too weak to say it: better never born, than born into this cesspool. Sinkhole of hospital beds, coffins, and broken hearts. No release, no appeal, no “do-overs” to employ a favored phrase of Xandra’s, no way forward but age and loss, and no way out but death.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.
Gary L. Francione|Being vegan is easy. Are there social pressures that encourage you to continue to eat, wear, and use animal products? Of course there are. But in a patriarchal, racist, homophobic, and ableist society, there are social pressures to participate and engage in sexism, racism, homophobia, and ableism. At some point, you have to decide who you are and what matters morally to you. And once you decide that you regard victimizing vulnerable nonhumans is not morally acceptable, it is easy to go and stay vegan
Charles Bukowski, Post Office|Can you remember who you were, before the world told you who you should be?
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|Everyone wanted to believe that endless love was possible. She'd believed in it once too, back when she was eighteen. But she knew that love was messy, just like life. It took turns that people couldn't foresee or even understand, leaving a long trail of regret in its wake. And almost always, those regrets led to the kinds of what if questions that could never be answered.
Ida Scott Taylor McKinney|Do not look back and grieve over the past, for it is gone; and do not be troubled about the future, for it has yet to come. Live in the present, and make it so beautiful that it will be worth remembering
Audrey Hepburn|My life isn’t theories and formulae. It’s part instinct, part common sense. Logic is as good a word as any, and I’ve absorbed what logic I have from everything and everyone… from my mother, from training as a ballet dancer, from Vogue magazine, from the laws of life and health and nature.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. We installed Dr. Robert Jarvik’s artificial heart in a mannequin and brought it to life, only to later kill it because a creature that’s all fake heart and no brain is what’s commonly called a “politician,” and must be destroyed. 
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Our lives can't be measured by our final years, of this I am sure.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|If something doesn't work exactly right, or maybe needs some special treatment, you don't just throw it away. Everything can't be fully operational all the time. Sometimes, we need to have the patience to give something the little nudge it needs.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|I run after her, not really giving chase. I’m running because I can, because I must.Because I want to see how far I can go before I have to stop.
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|It's in the morning, for most of us. It's that time, those few seconds when we're coming out of sleep but we're not really awake yet. For those few seconds we're something more primitive than what we are about to become. We have just slept the sleep of our most distant ancestors, and something of them and their world still clings to us. For those few moments we are unformed, uncivilized. We are not the people we know as ourselves, but creatures more in tune with a tree than a keyboard. We are untitled, unnamed, natural, suspended between was and will be, the tadpole before the frog, the worm before the butterfly. We are for a few brief moments, anything and everything we could be. And then...and then -- ah -- we open our eyes and the day is before us and ... we become ourselves.
Albert Einstein, Out of My Later Years: The Scientist, Philosopher, and Man Portrayed Through His Own Words|All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. All these aspirations are directed toward ennobling man's life, lifting it from the sphere of mere physical existence and leading the individual towards freedom." (first published 1937)]
G.K. Chesterton, What I Saw in America|I wish we could sometimes love the characters in real life as we love the characters in romances. There are a great many human souls whom we should accept more kindly, and even appreciate more clearly, if we simply thought of them as people in a story.
Ana Monnar|Whatever is going to happen will happen, whether we worry or not.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The Cosmos is all that is or was or ever will be. Our feeblest contemplations of the Cosmos stir us -- there is a tingling in the spine, a catch in the voice, a faint sensation, as if a distant memory, of falling from a height. We know we are approaching the greatest of mysteries.
Jessica Sorensen, The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden|Life is full of luck, like getting dealt a good hand, or simply by being in the right place at the right time. Some people get luck handed to them, a second chance, a save. It can happen heroically, or by a simple coincidence , but there are those who don’t get luck on a shiny platter, who end up in the wrong place at the wrong time, who don’t get saved.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|YOU FEAR TO DIE?"It's not that I don't want... I mean, I've always...it's just that life is a habit that's hard to break...
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|I am old enough to know only too well my good and bad qualities, which were often one in the same.
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|Time ticks by; we grow older. Before we know it, too much time has passed and we've missed the chance to have had other people hurt us. To a younger me this sounded like luck; to an older me this sounds like a quiet tragedy.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|I am convinced that human life is filled with many pure, happy, serene examples of insincerity, truly splendid of their kind-of people deceiving one another without (strangely enough) any wounds being inflicted, of people who seem unaware even that they are deceiving one another.
Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us|It is a curious situation that the sea, from which life first arose should now be threatened by the activities of one form of that life. But the sea, though changed in a sinister way, will continue to exist; the threat is rather to life itself.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|You don't dwell on what you've lost, you just move on."-Allison
Evanescence|If people make fun of you, that probably means you're doing something right.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were an escalator, and I was a flight of stairs. You thought I was a Luddite, and I thought I was as ostrich, because I hadn’t figured out how to put the fly in flight. One day you broke down, and then you saw that you and I weren’t so different after all.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|These were the lovely bones that had grown around my absence: the connections-sometimes tenuous, sometimes made at great cost, but often magnificent-that happened after I was gone. And I began to see things in a way that let me hold the world without me in it. The events that my death wrought were merely the bones of a body that would become whole at some unpredictable time in the future. The price of what I came to see as this miraculous body had been my life.
Charles de Lint|We're all made of stories. When they finally put us underground, the stories are what will go on. Not forever, perhaps, but for a time. It's a kind of immortality, I suppose, bounded by limits, it's true, but then so's everything.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|There’s a really stupid saying: When life hands you a lemon, make lemonade. Well, I have a better saying: When life hands you a lemon, shove that lemon up its stupid butt.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|One of the things I love about books is being able to define and condense certain portions of a character's life into chapters. It's intriguing, because you can't do this with real life. You can't just end a chapter, then skip the things you don't want to live through, only to open it up to a chapter that better suits your mood. Life can't be divided into chapters... only minutes. The events of your life are all crammed together one minute right after the other without any time lapses or blank pages or chapter breaks because no matter what happens life just keeps going and moving forward and words keep flowing and truths keep spewing whether you like it or not and life never lets you pause and just catch your fucking breath.I need one of those chapter breaks. I just want to catch my breath, but I have no idea how.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|There are five people you meet in heaven. Each of us was in your life for a reason. You may not have known the reason at the time, and that is what heaven is for. For understanding your life on earth. This is the greatest gift God can give you: to understand what happened in your life. To have it explained. It is the peace you have been searching for.
Vladimir Nabokov, Mary|Nostalgia in reverse, the longing for yet another strange land, grew especially strong in spring.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero's Journey: Joseph Campbell on His Life & Work|You enter the forestat the darkest point,where there is no path.Where there is a way or path,it is someone else's path.You are not on your own path.If you follow someone else's way,you are not going to realizeyour potential.
Andrew Clements, Things Not Seen|Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't three lefts make a right? Two wrongs don't make a right, but don't two negatives make a positive?
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|Life isn’t fair." I said. "It’s taken me a while to get that. It’s always going to disappoint you in some way or another. You’ll make plans, and it’ll push you in another direction. You will love people, and they’ll be taken away no matter how hard you fight to keep them. You’ll try for something and won’t get it. You don’t have to find meaning in it; you don’t have to try to change things. You just have to accept the things that are out of your hands and try to take care of yourself. That’s your job.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Exactly!" said Deep Thought. "So once you do know what the question actually is, you'll know what the answer means.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|It’s strange how things can change back as suddenly as they changed originally. When one thing happens and suddenly, things are back to normal.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|See, the poor dream all their lives of getting enough to eat and looking like the rich. And what do the rich dream of?? Losing weight and looking like the poor.
Fernando Pessoa, Poems of Fernando Pessoa|If after I die, people want to write my biography, there is nothing simpler. They only need two dates: the date of my birth and the date of my death. Between one and another, every day is mine.
C. JoyBell C.|To know a species, look at its fears. To know yourself, look at your fears. Fear in itself is not important, but fear stands there and points you in the direction of things that are important. Don't be afraid of your fears, they're not there to scare you; they're there to let you know that something is worth it.
Hilary Duff|I can’t really act the way I want to act, or say what I want to say all the time. And a lot of times, I cover that up with a smile.
Roy T. Bennett|If you have kindness in your heart, you offer acts of kindness to touch the hearts of others wherever you go—whether they are random or planned. Kindness becomes a way of life.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I am afraid. Not of life, or death, or nothingness, but of wasting it as if I had never been.
Eric Idle|Life doesn't make any sense, and we all pretend it does. Comedy's job is to point out that it doesn't make sense, and that it doesn't make much difference anyway.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender is the Night & The Last Tycoon|If you spend your life sparing people’s feelings and feeding their vanity, you get so you can’t distinguish what should be respected in them.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|In every way that counted, I was dead. Inside somewhere maybe I was screaming and weeping and howling like an animal, but that was another person deep inside, another person who had no access to the lips and face and mouth and head, so on the surface I just shrugged and smile and kept moving. If I could have physically passed away, just let it all go, like that, without doing anything, stepped out of life as easily as walking through a door I would have done. But I was going to sleep at night and waking in the morning, disappointed to be there and resigned to existence.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|That was a memorable day to me, for it made great changes in me. But it is the same with any life. Imagine one selected day struck out of it, and think how different its course would have been. Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
