Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May you find courage, faith and hope to live your dreams.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Our sacred character develops, when we connect to source of life, the Creator.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Our sacred character develops; we connect to source of life, the Creator.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you did not live to love, what have you live for?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Those who are weak in spirit, desire to make others weaker.While the strong spirit, desire to empower others to be stronger.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The spark of divinity enfolds in love, in light and in faith.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whenever you feel exhausted, take time to relax, refresh and recharge.
Michael Unks, Awesome in Hours: 7 Easily Obtainable Qualities, 35 Practical Take-aways to becoming an Awesome Individual|Even when someone hurts you, find the strength to forgive them, understand them, and let it go.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Some say they love you, but some actually "do" the loving. These are the ones that truly love you, because love is seen in actions.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|It's okay for someone to tell me who they think I am, but it's not okay when they try to impose that idea on me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May the Lord grant you great grace, great strength and great wisdom.
Ciore Taylor, The Conversation Starts Here: A Perspective of Self, Culture, and the American Society|I am living in world full of lost hope and discrimination. I am living a life in which social equality does not exist and I am not sure that it ever can, or if once upon a time it ever did.
Ciore Taylor, The Conversation Starts Here: A Perspective of Self, Culture, and the American Society|American can mean anything you want it to mean. It can mean that you live in America. It can mean that you are privileged. Being American can also mean that you are diverse. In many ways, the title American is an oxymoron because one may look it on the outside but not feel it on the inside.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With positive attitude, you can graciously overcome every adversity.
Ciore Taylor|In many ways, the title American is an oxymoron because one may look it on the outside but not feel it on the inside.
Gian Kumar|Knowing the self is the biggest truth. If we find the truth within, we have found God.
Ciore Taylor, The Conversation Starts Here: A Perspective of Self, Culture, and the American Society|Sometimes, the reason that people don’t get along is because they feel that their role is to be selfish or submissive—not understanding that American simply means understanding who we are so that we can help others do the same.
Tricia-Anne Y. Morris|Love is kind. Kindness is saying kind words that compliment, empower and encourage. It’s making every effort to make the other person feel good about him or herself. It’s about being thoughtful, tender and having a big heart towards each other. It’s showing concern when the other person is hurting, sad or exhibiting some other kind of negative disposition. It’s about giving to each other by virtue of our time, possessions, blessings, gifts and everything else that’s good.
Ciore Taylor, The Conversation Starts Here: A Perspective of Self, Culture, and the American Society|Reality tries to disguise the fact that this society neglects to provide equal opportunity established by God and clarified in the Constitution. Whether equal opportunity is given to an individual or not, he/she still has the equal potential within him/herself to advance and obtain a greater level of success.
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|Between the new, happy him, and the old, depressing him, there stood in the way only his lack of imagination.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Blessed are you, who faced many adversities. You will be strengthen and soften.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|While I still did not know what self- actualization that sat on the top level of the pyramid meant, I could believethat if I knew I would be able to say something positive about it as well inmy life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the storm’s of life, you can survive by grace, faith and hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I lost my way in the darkness. But at dawn of a bright light, I find my path.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you lose faith, then you begin to fear.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without adventure into the unknown, we fail to lay the foundation for any success.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Don't look so far, when it is so near.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every experience in the past, prepares us for today. And the present experience equip us for the future.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Why not?" Ask God to bless you. He has enough blessings for every one.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You ought to find the joy, hope and love of existence.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you find the joy, hope and love of existence.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Through Faith: Living an Overcoming Life|through faith we overcome, through fate we drown
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t live life, without an enthusiasm of existence.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be strong in heart, spirit and mind.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|When you forgive, it does not mean that you have submitted, it simply means that you have made a choice to stop bearing any grudge.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You are the custodian of your own happiness. What other people say, do or think does not create a basis for your happiness. It is you who decides your own happiness, just like forgiveness.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The moment we become forgivers, then we are in line to enjoy the benefits of forgiveness.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|Success doesn’t happen by accident. You make it happen. But before you reach that road to victory, some things about yourself have to be changed.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The idea of forgiveness is a journey that requires patience. If the journey of forgiveness is well travelled, there is a chance that we are bound to change in a very helpful way.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Forgiveness does not change the past, that’s for sure, but it does change the future.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The minute we put aside our self-righteousness and move away from being the aggrieved, then we are on a healing process.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|When you make up your mind to forgive, your happiness will almost automatically follow.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|In an unforgiving world, chaos rules.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|When you forgive, you immerse yourself in healing waters.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|When you forgive, you are freed from some of the feelings of disapproval and it can contribute to lessening your negative thoughts.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Offer yourself forgiveness as a gift. The word ‘give’ is the basic keyword in the word forgiveness, therefore it relays a meaning therein.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The same zeal and guts with which you were persistent not to forgive is the same zeal and enthusiasm with which you should be able to open up a new relationship with your partner, loved one or friend, one that is founded on commitment and dedication.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Your forgiveness or failure to forgive simply takes you nearer or further away from your ultimate goal. There are no two ways to deal with it, there is only one.
Chris Prentiss|It's a simple working formula: if who you are and what you have- in your relationships, at home, or on the job- are what you want, that's perfect; keep doing what you've been doing and you'll get more of it. However, if who you are and what you have is less than or different than what you want, you'll have to make some basic changes.
Chris Prentiss, The Laws of Love: Creating the Relationship of Your Dreams|To have the beautiful relationship you want, you and your partner must share your life stories with each other, holding nothing back. That sharing includes any past experiences of brutality, traumas, rape, incest, and emotional or mental torture of any kind that either of you has experienced as well as the wonderful memories you each cherish.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Blaming other people inevitably makes us blame ourselves because if we are pointing the finger at someone, practically, we are pointing it at ourselves as well.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|We are often so convinced that we are so hurt and in pain, so much so that we opt not to forgive. Yet, as a consequence, that is what will make you weak!
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|In the process of forgiveness, you can only control your own actions and decisions.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The purpose of forgiveness is not to make sure that someone ends up changing into what you expect them to be, as this is dominance. The purpose is actually to make your own life better, more worthy and less stressful. Forgiveness reduces the hold that the wrongdoer has over you and empowers you.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Assuming you are still lost in thought about when exactly you should forgive someone, well the time is NOW.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Other people may well not find it relevant that you have forgiven yourself, but you need to know that it is not for them anyway. Everything at the moment is wholly about you.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|A broken and mended relationship turns out to be stronger than one that has never been broken, almost like how bones can become even stronger once broken and then healed.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You are simply naturally inclined to make mistakes just as everyone else is, whether male or female, black or white, young or old. These mistakes are your school of learning, therefore forgiveness is your greatest teacher in this school of learning.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Forgiveness is not simply a single act, it is a full process.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|If there ever was someone who had a control over you, someone who could cause you the greatest pain, someone who could ignore your most necessary requirements and someone for whom forgiveness were truly difficult to render, that person is none other than YOU.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Just because someone wakes up one morning and says, “Today I am going to be rich,” does not automatically make them rich. So the same is true with forgiveness, it has to come from the heart with meaning, that is when it works best.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The moment we see beyond our personal desires to be felt sympathy for, that is the time we can actually start the journey to that final destination of true forgiveness.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|If we studied the issue of forgiveness with a wider perspective, we are bound to opt for it after all.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Do not be deceived that you are weak because you have forgiven; instead be rest assured that you are now showing great strength - after all, forgiving is one of the most difficult things to do.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Remember, forgiveness is not a millstone but a milestone!
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The truth is, forgiving is a rather simple concept to grasp. It is often imagined that when you forgive, you have to reconcile with someone and yet this is a larger team in which forgiveness is just a player.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The world is full of victims; don’t add to the growing culture of “I’ve a story to tell”, well not unless it’s a story to help others overcome situations or as a warning.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Before making a snap judgment, ask yourself if it really is something that has hurt you or simply just made you angry at yourself for allowing it to happen. It’s amazing what ‘sleeping on it’ can do. A new day sees a new beginning.
Stephen Richards|Opportunity for success never sleeps, just those not chasing it!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every ever you are, you can shine!
Stephen Richards|When you are focused on what you're doing, you are not going to miss the next opportunity ... it's more likely that you get more!
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|We invent what we need to get us by, but in doing so we are really continuing to hold on to the pain of yesterday.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You can learn to heal yourself, learn to understand that the pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow!
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Pain can cause us to learn no end of lessons, but without resolution there can be no healing!
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The pain you have gone through will give you the strength of character to come through it all, so long as you learn from what you have suffered then it was not suffering at all.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You are not, though, forgiving so as to let others off with things. You are forgiving so that you can empower yourself to get over it and become strong.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|As human beings, we are custom made to be happy. Why then would we want to change the order of things by not being happy?
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The pain you feel is simply because you do not yet have the strength to forgive. But you will grow strong again, that is for sure.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Due to the need to co-exist with these inhuman and inconsiderate people, we will obviously be disturbed by their acts; something which if we look at closely actually means that we too could be affecting some other people negatively every once in a while.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|By understanding the basic impediments to forgiveness, the repercussions of failing to forgive and the fruits of forgiveness, this will lead you gently to the shoreline of a distinct new and more powerful YOU.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, we expect life to work a certain way and when it doesn’t we blame others or see it as a sign, rather than face the pain of the choices we should or shouldn’t have made. Real healing won’t begin until we stop saying, “God prevented this or that.” Often in our attempt to protect ourselves from pain, we leave things to fate and don’t take chances. Or, we don’t work hard enough to keep the blessings we are given. Maybe, we didn't recognize a blessing, until it was too late. Often, it is the lies we tell ourselves that keeps us stuck in a delusion of not being responsible for our lives. We leave it all up to God. The truth is we are not leaves blowing toward our destiny without any control. To believe this is to take away our freedom of choice and that of others. The final stage of grief is acceptance. This can’t be reached through always believing God willed the outcomes in our lives, despite our inaction or actions. To think so is to take the easy escape from our accountability. Sometimes, God has nothing to do with it. Sometimes, we just screwed up and guarded our heart from accepting it, by putting our outcome on God as the reason it turned out the way it did. Faith is a beautiful thing, but without work we can give into a mysticism of destiny that really doesn't teach us lessons or consequences for our actions. Life then becomes a distorted delusion of no accountability with God always to blame for battles we walked away from, won or loss.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May I never forsake thee, my God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you count your blessings, you will know, they outnumber your troubles.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you think you can, you will have the grace take action.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever you can visualize, you can possess it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t worry, pray!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great is the Lord. He is worthy of praise. He is my hope, my joy and my strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With patient persistence, you will conquer any situation.
Nikki Rowe|Be a woman of confidence, not cockiness. Know your boundaries, set no limits. Speak your kindness and turn your back to conformed groups. The only way to be a woman of change in this world, is to walk what you talk and set your own soul free first.
Nikki Rowe|The greatest asset you could own, is an open heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Although, the journey is long, keep traveling.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great spirit, great-self.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If they tell you it is impossible, answer; ‘It is possible’!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive mindset, positive self-image and positive attitude are the best-habits to nurture.
Vinnie Fisher|You are valuable, even in your imperfection.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t take to heart, any negative criticism. Focus on positive thoughts
Michael Holbrook, Dear You, Live! Love, Life: Awaking your spirit, overcoming fears & excuses, and living a purposeful, fulfilling life.|Would you rather be a fish out of water or a fish afraid of water?The fish out of water will experience a short, exhilarating experience but will quickly die. The fish afraid of water will exist but not live.Either way, you’ll eventually die.Choosing a path is rarely easy, but it's something we all ultimately do; whether by choice or as a spectator. Either way, water continues to flow. With or without you.
Damilola Oluwatoyinbo|No matter how successful you are, you have to keep improving yourself. Otherwise, you will get stuck in what was once considered modern. Today, you can't solve iPad problems with typewriter knowledge and in the years to come, we shall look at the iPad and say how come we were so excited about that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you don’t choose what you want, others will give you their choices.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I saw now that bad men existed who would take advantage of any weakness and insecurity they found when violating a victim. I saw it was not my fault; I did not choose to be raped or kidnapped. But now I was learning how to protect myself from the predators, to trust my No and my instinct and my strength. I was learning I was not to blame, I couldn't prevent men from trying to hurt me, but I could definitely fight back. And sometimes fighting back worked.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You gain strength with every difficulty, which you boldly overcome.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Tell me, who in this life, were never guided in course of their realization of their goal?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without a clear vision, you can be drifted to any shore.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As long as we desire to reach new heights, we will find the strength to climb the mountain.
Matthew Donnelly|I've learned that in order to effectively and genuinely "Change" for the better.#1. Must want to change. (Grow)#2. Know who we are now relative to who we want to be.#3. Paradoxically we must except who we are in the present moment. (You are worthy right now, you are just searching for a higher a 'self')#4. Know that "True" change comes from within the mind. To the much deeper 'self' feelings and emotions.#5. Make no drastic changes, but focus simply on making small ones within the present moment.Sincerely,My present self.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never modify your goals, amplify your might.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With discipline, dedication and diligence, you will achieve the goal.
Derric Yuh Ndim|we are entitled to a great life – that somehow, somewhere, someone (certainly not us) is responsible for filling our lives with continuous happiness, exciting career options, nurturingfamily time, and blissful personal relationships simply becausewe exist. But the real truth – and the one lesson that all thesuccess principles I have learnt are based on – is that there is onlyone person responsible for the quality of the life you live. Thatperson is you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Keep trying, your success is certain.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Competence, Courage, Confident!
Derric Yuh Ndim|our tomorrow isshaped by the choices we make today, consciously or unconsciously
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|At crossroad, God is our guide post. He points the right path.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At the crossroad, may God point the straight path for your journey.
Leeza Donatella, The State of Being Love: Steps to Raise Your Vibration for a Joy Filled Life|When we raise our vibration to the state of "Being Love," we change and our world shifts into something so delicious and intoxicating that words hardly do justice to its description.
Mark F. LaMoure|Excellent people are those, who choose to separate themselves from mediocrity.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May power of the Holy Spirit, renew your thoughts and attitudes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Word of God, strengthen the spirit! Mediate on it daily!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, grant me the grace of endurance, in the race of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Times of adversity, rekindle my spirit.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My strength is in the Lord. In him, I breathe, live and move.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must resist negative thoughts, negative criticism and negative influences.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you find the might, the power within you, to eagerly reach out to your dreams.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lord I thank you for the gift of breath, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to taste, nose to smell, mouth to speak, face to smile, voice to sing, body to dance, legs to walk, mind to think and hands to write.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Your life is the only journey, you travel unaided.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Inspiration gives strength to do, what we are capable of doing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of adversity, you will know those who truly love you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am fully persuaded, what God’s promises, He faithfully performs.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A willing heart, daring spirit!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Search deep within your soul, you will find strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am graceful, joyful and wonderful.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The Lord will deliver us from every chain of sin, slavery and bondage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We came into existence with nothing. And, when our spirit departs, we will take nothing out of world.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With certainty, courage and commitment, the dream will be a reality.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Once the light shines on your path, you will see clearly.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never complain, pray for strength to overcome the difficulty.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pray, read and mediate on the Scripture.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can gain self-confidence, with the prayerful life, reading and mediation on the Scripture.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We came with nothing into the world. And certainly, we will take nothing out of it, when our spirit departs.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lord I thank you blessing me with food, clothing and shelter.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Lord I thank you for the gift of breath, eyes to see, ears to hear, tongue to taste, nose to smell; mouth to speak, face to smile, voice to sing, body to dance, legs to walk, mind to think and hands to write.
J.R. Rim|It is less about becoming a better person, and more of being better, as a person.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The action you will take today, will define tomorrow.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Baby, you must dance to the music of your soul!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Challenges exist in life; don’t be afraid, there is grace for triumphant.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without continuous encouragement, we may give up.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Money can cloud your vision. Sometimes, God takes away the money and uses times of adversity to refine us like gold.
Rahul Bijlaney|We perceive our circumstances as good or bad. The circumstances in themselves are powerless unless we attach our emotions to them.A boyfriend and girlfriend witnessing the sunset together find it so very romantic. But if they are forced to stay separately, the same sunset causes pain since they are apart.A man dying of terminal illness finds it as a signal of death.A depressed man finds it as "one more day gone".A poet finds poetry in the sunset.A painter finds beautiful shades in it.It's the same sunset but the perceptions are different.Learn to see a situation as just a situation. Neither good nor bad. Then there is no pain. No ecstasy.Learn to just BE. Don't try to BE.Love and Peace to All!!!
Laney Zukerman|We all have a dual nature,some of us are just better able to control the energy we expend on each part of it." Lessons for an Urban Goddess
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Introspect.You know yourself more each day,Yet, you find out how little you know yourself too.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|I've been through a lot, but I stayed true to who I am.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Whatever happens to you, once you have hope you will survive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of trouble, wait for the Lord to defend you.
Darwun St. James, T+E=C a formula for happiness|Don't Live in the Darkness of Fear, Abandon Fear and Live in Joy!
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|It is not the time that a person has lived that determines maturity, but what he does during that time.
Bob Marley|One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Albert Einstein|If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.
Aldous Huxley, Music at Night and Other Essays|After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|And I thought about how many people have loved those songs. And how many people got through a lot of bad times because of those songs. And how many people enjoyed good times with those songs. And how much those songs really mean. I think it would be great to have written one of those songs. I bet if I wrote one of them, I would be very proud. I hope the people who wrote those songs are happy. I hope they feel it's enough. I really do because they've made me happy. And I'm only one person.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|People worry about kids playing with guns, and teenagers watching violent videos; we are scared that some sort of culture of violence will take them over. Nobody worries about kids listening to thousands - literally thousands - of songs about broken hearts and rejection and pain and misery and loss.
Heinrich Heine|Where words leave off, music begins.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Ah, music," he said, wiping his eyes. "A magic beyond all we do here!
Maya Angelou|Everything in the universe has a rhythm, everything dances. 
Edward Bulwer-Lytton|Music, once admitted to the soul, becomes a sort of spirit, and never dies.
Johnny Depp|Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|Next to music, beer was best.
Bob Dylan|I accept chaos, I'm not sure whether it accepts me.
Hans Christian Andersen|Where words fail, music speaks.
Aaron Copland|To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.
Gerard Way|If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, you can find out first hand what it's like to be me.
Emma Goldman|If I can't dance to it, it's not my revolution.
Robert Browning, The complete poetical works of Browning|Who hears music, feels his solitudePeopled at once.
Ellen DeGeneres, My Point... And I Do Have One|Have you ever heard somebody sing some lyrics that you've never sung before, and you realize you've never sung the right words in that song? You hear them and all of a sudden you say to yourself, 'Life in the Fast Lane?' That's what they're saying right there? You think, 'why have I been singing 'wipe in the vaseline?' how many people have heard me sing 'wipe in the vaseline?' I am an idiot.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|Perfume was first created to mask the stench of foul and offensive odors...Spices and bold flavorings were created to mask the taste of putrid and rotting meat...What then was music created for?Was it to drown out the voices of others, or the voices within ourselves?I think I know.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|I like music," she said slowly, "because when I hear it, I . . . I lose myself within myself, if that makes any sense. I become empty and full all at once, and I can feel the whole earth roiling around me. When I play. I'm not . . . for once, I'm not destroying, I'm creating.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|The music is not in the notes,but in the silence between.
Frank Zappa, Real Frank Zappa Book|Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|If you cannot teach me to fly, teach me to sing.
Tom Waits|There ain't no devil, only God when he's drunk.
Kahlil Gibran|Music is the language of the spirit. It opens the secret of life bringing peace, abolishing strife.
Nick Hornby, Songbook|I love the relationship that anyone has with music ... because there's something in us that is beyond the reach of words, something that eludes and defies our best attempts to spit it out. ... It's the best part of us probably ...
Maria Augusta von Trapp|Music acts like a magic key, to which the most tightly closed heart opens.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Music... will help dissolve your perplexities and purify your character and sensibilities, and in time of care and sorrow, will keep a fountain of joy alive in you.
Bono, On the Move|Pop music often tells you everything is OK, while rock music tells you that it's not OK, but you can change it.
Lady Gaga|I'm already crazy. I'm a fearless person. I think it creeps up on you. I don't think it can be stopped. If my destiny is to lose my mind because of fame, then that's my destiny. But my passion still means more than anything.
Lois Lowry, The Giver|For the first time, he heard something that he knew to be music. He heard people singing. Behind him, across vast distances of space and time, from the place he had left, he thought he heard music too. But perhaps, it was only an echo.
Lana Del Rey|And I remember when I met him, it was so clear that he was the only one for me. We both knew it, right away. And as the years went on, things got more difficult – we were faced with more challenges. I begged him to stay. Try to remember what we had at the beginning.He was charismatic, magnetic, electric and everybody knew it. When he walked in every woman’s head turned, everyone stood up to talk to him. He was like this hybrid, this mix of a man who couldn’t contain himself. I always got the sense that he became torn between being a good person and missing out on all of the opportunities that life could offer a man as magnificent as him. And in that way, I understood him and I loved him.I loved him, I loved him, I loved him.And I still love him. I love him.
Alex Gaskarth|Never underestimate a girl’s love for her favorite band. Never think even for a minute, that she won’t defend them to her death. Because it’s not just the music that makes that band her favorite. It’s the guys, the gals. It’s the fans. People whom of which she has interacted with thanks to the band. That band might of saved her life, or just made her smile everyday. That band has never broke her heart and has yet to leave her. No wonder she finds such joy in her music.
Bob Dylan|When you've got nothing, you've got nothing to loose.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|THAT crazed girl improvising her music.Her poetry, dancing upon the shore,Her soul in division from itselfClimbing, falling She knew not where,Hiding amid the cargo of a steamship,Her knee-cap broken, that girl I declareA beautiful lofty thing, or a thingHeroically lost, heroically found.No matter what disaster occurredShe stood in desperate music wound,Wound, wound, and she made in her triumphWhere the bales and the baskets layNo common intelligible soundBut sang, 'O sea-starved, hungry sea
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|Tell me what you listen to, and I'll tell you who you are.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|It's just nice, I guess. Knowing that someone else can put into words what I feel. That there are people who have been through things worse than I have, and they come out on the other side okay. Not only that, but they made some kind of twisted, fucked-up sense of the completely senseless. They made it mean something. These songs tell me I'm not alone. If you look at it at that way, music... music can see you through anything.
Gerard Way|Making a record is a lot like surgery without an anesthetic. You first have to cut yourself up the middle. Then you have to rip out every single organ, every single part and lay them on a table. You then need to examine the parts, and the reality of the situation hits you. You find yourself saying things like "I didn't know that part was so ugly." Or "I better get a professional opinion about that." You go to bed hollow and then back into the operating room the next day. . .facing every fear, every disgusting thing you hate about yourself. Then you pop it all back in, sew yourself shut and perform. . . you perform like your life depended on it----and in those perfect moments you find beauty you never knew existed. You find yourself and you friends all over again, you find something to fight for, something to love. Something to show the world.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|The pause makes you think the song will end. And then the song isn't really over, so you're relieved. But then the song does actually end, because every song ends, obviously, and THAT. TIME. THE. END. IS. FOR. REAL.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Music is a proud, temperamental mistress. Give her the time and attention she deserves, and she is yours. Slight her and there will come a day when you call and she will not answer. So I began sleeping less to give her the time she needed.
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Scott Pilgrim, Volume 1: Scott Pilgrim's Precious Little Life|this song is for the guy who keeps yelling from the balcony, and it's called 'we hate you, please die.
Three Days Grace, Three Days Grace|If you feel so emptySo used up, so let downIf you feel so angrySo ripped off so stepped onYou're not the only oneRefusing to back downYou're not the only oneSo get up
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|I believe that a person's taste in music tells you a lot about them. In some cases, it tells you everything you need to know.
Pat Conroy, Beach Music|Music could ache and hurt, that beautiful music was a place a suffering man could hide.
Albert Schweitzer|Joy, sorrow, tears, lamentation, laughter -- to all these music gives voice, but in such a way that we are transported from the world of unrest to a world of peace, and see reality in a new way, as if we were sitting by a mountain lake and contemplating hills and woods and clouds in the tranquil and fathomless water.
Tom Stoppard, The Real Thing|I mean, if Beethoven had been killed in a plane crash at twenty-two, the history of music would have been very different. As would the history of aviation, of course.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|It is said by the Eldar that in water there lives yet the echo of the Music of the Ainur more than in any substance that is in this Earth; and many of the Children of Ilúvatar hearken still unsated to the voices of the Sea, and yet know not for what they listen.
Plato, The Republic|Musical innovation is full of danger to the State, for when modes of music change, the fundamental laws of the State always change with them.
Tori Amos|So, you can make me come, that doesn't make you Jesus.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|Music, when soft voices die, vibrates in the memory.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|I love the way music inside a car makes you feel invisible; if you play the stereo at max volume, it's almost like the other people can't see into your vehicle. It tints your windows, somehow.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|If we communicated with something like music, we would never be misunderstood, because there is nothing in music to understand...... But until we find this new way of speaking, until we can find a nonapproximate vocabulary, nonsense words are the best thing we've got. Ifactifice is one such word.
Paul McCartney|When you were young, and your heart, was an open book. You used to say, live and let live.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Music brings a warm glow to my vision, thawing mind and muscle from their endless wintering.
Charles  Hart, The Phantom of the Opera: Piano/Vocal|Softly, deftly, music shall caress you. Hear it, feel it, Secretly possess you.
Stephen Sondheim|If I cannot fly, let me sing.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|The voice so filled with nostalgia that you could almost see the memories floating through the blue smoke, memories not only of music and joy and youth, but perhaps, of dreams. They listened to the music, each hearing it in his own way, feeling relaxed and a part of the music, a part of each other, and almost a part of the world. 
Vera Nazarian|If Music is a Place -- then Jazz is the City, Folk is the Wilderness, Rock is the Road, Classical is a Temple.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|When I am ..... completely myself, entirely alone... or during the night when I cannot sleep, it is on such occasions that my ideas flow best and most abundantly. Whence and how these ideas come I know not nor can I force them.
Ani DiFranco|I don't like my language watered down, I don't like my edges rounded off.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Everything in me feels fluttering and free, like I could take off from the ground at any second. Music, I think, he makes me feel like music.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|And the night shall be filled with music, And the cares, that infest the day,Shall fold their tents like the Arabs,and silently steal away.
Charles  Hart, The Phantom of the Opera: Piano/Vocal|Floating, falling, sweet intoxication. Touch me, trust me, savor each sensation. Let the dream begin, let your darker side give in to the power of the music of the night.
Dmitri Shostakovich|When a man is in despair, it means that he still believes in something.
Orson Scott Card|Music isn't just a pleasure, a transient satisfaction. It's a need, a deep hunger; and when the music is right, it's joy. Love. A foretaste of heaven. A comfort in grief. Is it too much to think that perhaps God speaks to us sometimes through music? How, then, could I be so ungrateful as to refuse the message?
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Five Orange Pips|There is nothing more to be said or to be done tonight, so hand me over my violin and let us try to forget for half an hour the miserable weather and the still more miserable ways of our fellowmen.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, Is fit for treasons, stratagems, and spoils; The motions of his spirit are dull as night, And his affections dark as Erebus. Let no such man be trusted. Mark the music.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|I play until my fingers are blue and stiff from the cold, and then I keep on playing. Until I'm lost in the music. Until I am the music--notes and chords, the melody and harmony. It hurts, but it's okay because when I'm the music, I'm not me. Not sad. Not afraid. Not desperate. Not guilty.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|There was something about the music on that tape. It felt different. Like, it set her lungs and her stomach on edge. There was something exciting about it, and something nervous. It made Eleanor feel like everything, like the world, wasn't what she'd thought it was. And that was a good thing. That was the greatest thing.
Keith Richards, According to the Rolling Stones|Music is a language that doesn’t speak in particular words. It speaks in emotions, and if it’s in the bones, it’s in the bones.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|She was clean": no piercings, tattoos, or scarifications. All the kids were now. And who could blame them, Alex thought, after watching three generations of flaccid tattoos droop like moth-eaten upholstery over poorly stuffed biceps and saggy asses?
Kanye West|Shoot for the stars, so if you fall you land on a cloud.
Lana Del Rey|I was in the winter of my life- and the men I met along the road were my only summer. At night I fell sleep with vision of myself dancing and laughing and crying with them. Three year down the line of being on an endless world tour and memories of them were the only things that sustained me, and my only real happy times. I was a singer, not very popular one, who once has dreams of becoming a beautiful poet- but upon an unfortunate series of events saw those dreams dashed and divided like million stars in the night sky that I wished on over and over again- sparkling and broken. But I really didn’t mind because I knew that it takes getting everything you ever wanted and then losing it to know what true freedom is.When the people I used to know found out what I had been doing, how I had been living- they asked me why. But there’s no use in talking to people who have a home, they have no idea what its like to seek safety in other people, for home to be wherever you lied you head.I was always an unusual girl, my mother told me that I had a chameleon soul. No moral compass pointing me due north, no fixed personality. Just an inner indecisiviness that was as wide as wavering as the ocean. And if I said that I didn’t plan for it to turn out this way I’d be lying- because I was born to be the other woman. I belonged to no one- who belonged to everyone, who had nothing- who wanted everything with a fire for every experience and an obssesion for freedom that terrified me to the point that I couldn’t even talk about- and pushed me to a nomadic point of madness that both dazzled and dizzied me.Every night I used to pray that I’d find my people- and finally I did- on the open road. We have nothing to lose, nothing to gain, nothing we desired anymore- except to make our lives into a work of art.LIVE FAST. DIE YOUNG. BE WILD. AND HAVE FUN.I believe in the country America used to be. I belive in the person I want to become, I believe in the freedom of the open road. And my motto is the same as ever- *I believe in the kindness of strangers. And when I’m at war with myself- I Ride. I Just Ride.*Who are you? Are you in touch with all your darkest fantasies?Have you created a life for yourself where you’re free to experience them?I Have.I Am Fucking Crazy. But I Am Free.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|If I knew I was going to die at a specific moment in the future, it would be nice to be able to control what song I was listening to; this is why I always bring my iPod on airplanes.
Boris Vian|There are only two things: love, all sorts of love, with pretty girls, and the music of New Orleans or Duke Ellington. Everything else ought to go, because everything else is ugly. 
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Music? Music is life! It’s physical emotion - you can touch it! It’s neon ecto-energy sucked out of spirits and switched into sound waves for your ears to swallow. Are you telling me, what, that it’s boring? You don’t have time for it?
Jane Swan|How is it that music can, without words, evoke our laughter, our fears, our highest aspirations?
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|A good compilation tape, like breaking up, is hard to do. You've got to kick off with a corker, to hold the attention (I started with 'Got To Get You Off My Mind', but then realised that she might not get any further than track one, side one if I delivered what she wanted straight away, so I buried it in the middle of side two), and then you've got to up it a notch, and you can't have white music and black music together, unless the white music sounds like black music, and you can't have two tracks by the same artist side by side, unless you've done the whole thing in pairs, and ... oh there are loads of rules.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Everybody finished the song at different times. Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest. 'Ah music,' he said, wiping his eyes. 'A magic beyond all we do here!
Igor Stravinsky|I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.
Mstislav Rostropovich|The artist must forget the audience, forget the critics, forget the technique, forget everything but love for the music.Then, the music speaks through the performance,and the performer and the listener will walk togetherwith the soul of the composer, and withGod.
Ani DiFranco|We get a little further from perfection, each year on the road,I guess that's what they call character,I guess that's just the way it goes,better to be dusty than polished,like some store window mannequin,why don't you touch me where i'm rusty,let me stain your hands
Jay-Z|Only God can judge me so I'm gone, either love me or leave me alone.
Lady Gaga|My new album that I'm creating, which is finished pretty much, was written with this new instinctual energy that I've developed getting to know my fans. They protect me, so now it's my destiny to protect them.
Eric Clapton|For me there is something primitively soothing about this music, and it went straight to my nervous system, making me feel ten feet tall.
Ed Sheeran|Give me love like her'Cause lately I've been waking up alonePaint splattered teardrops on my shirtTold you I'd let you goAnd that I'll fight my cornerMaybe tonight I'll call youAfter my blood turns into alcoholNo I just wanna hold youGive a little time to me or burn this outWe'll play hide and seek to turn this aroundAll I want is the taste that your lips allowMy, my, my, my oh give me love
Lady Gaga|So many will try to destroy me. So many, over and over, coming in periods of greatness. But in this period, I cannot be broken: GAGAKLEIN.
Paolo Maurensig|Life's temptations have the purpose of putting our spiritual integrity to the test. To yield to them, however, gives one a precarious and tormented satisfaction. But the worst temptations are those we give in to without getting anything in return except for the brutal discovery of our weakness.
Leonard Bernstein|This will be our reply to violence:to make music more intensely,more beautifully,more devotedly than ever before.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|No one wants to admit we're addicted to music. That's just not possible. No one's addicted to music and television and radio. We just need more of it, more channels, a larger screen, more volume. We can't bear to be without it, but no, nobody's addicted. We could turn it off anytime we wanted. I fit a window frame into a brick wall. With a little brush, the size for fingernail polish, I glue it. The window is the size of a fingernail. The glue smells like hair spray. The smell tastes like oranges and gasoline.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Then I felt something inside me break and music began to pour out into the quiet. My fingers danced; intricate and quick they spun something gossamer and tremulous into the circle of light our fire had made. The music moved like a spiderweb stirred by a gentle breath, it changed like a leaf twisting as it falls to the ground, and it felt like three years Waterside in Tarbean, with a hollowness inside you and hands that ached from the bitter cold.
Alex Gaskarth|We throw stones though we live in glass houses,We talk shit like its a cross to bare.You're only relevant 'til you get older.Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|If you were music, I would listen to you ceaselessly, and my low spirits would brighten up.
Morrissey|How can anybody say they know how I feel? The only one around here who is me, is ME.
Shinedown|I hope they understand that I'm not angry, I'm just saying... Sometimes goodbye is a second chance.
Christina Westover|Sometimes I just want to paint the words "It's my fault" across my forehead to save people the time of being pissed off at me.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|She sat listening to the music. It was a symphony of triumph. The notes flowed up, they spoke of rising and they were the rising itself, they were the essence and the form of upward motion, they seemed to embody every human act and thought that had ascent as its motive. It was a sunburst of sound, breaking out of hiding and spreading open. It had the freedom of release and the tension of purpose. It swept space clean, and left nothing but the joy of an unobstructed effort. Only a faint echo within the sounds spoke of that from which the music had escaped, but spoke in laughing astonishment at the discovery that there was no ugliness or pain, and there never had to be. It was the song of an immense deliverance.
Paul McCartney|Somebody said to me, 'But the Beatles were anti-materialistic.' That's a huge myth. John and I literally used to sit down and say, 'Now, let's write a swimming pool.
Robert Schumann|When you play, never mind who listens to you.
Avril Lavigne|You can't kick me down, I'm already on the ground. No, you can't, but you couldn't catch me anyhow.Blue skies, but the sun isn't comming out, no. Today, it is like I'm under a heavy cloud."Avril Lavigne (Runaway)
Lady Gaga|We are not just Art for Michelangelo to carve, he can't rewrite the agro of my furied heart- Lady Gaga 10/22/10
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|Arin. I've wanted to do this for a long time."Her words silenced him, steadied him.Antecipation lifted within her like the fragance of a garden under the rain. She sat at the piano, touching the keys. "Ready?"He smiled. "Play.
Fiona Apple|You fondle my trigger, then you blame my gun
Billie Holiday|You can't copy anybody and end with anything. If you copy, it means you're working without any real feeling. No two people on earth are alike, and it's got to be that way in music or it isn't music.
Nikola Tesla|I am part of a light, and it is the music. The Light fills my six senses: I see it, hear, feel, smell, touch and think. Thinking of it means my sixth sense. Particles of Light are written note. O bolt of lightning can be an entire sonata. A thousand balls of lightening is a concert.. For this concert I have created a Ball Lightning, which can be heard on the icy peaks of the Himalayas.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|You,” I said, “are sweet music in a distant room.
Roger Waters|Wish You Were Here So, so you think you can tell Heaven from Hell, Blue skys from pain. Can you tell a green field From a cold steel rail? A smile from a veil? Do you think you can tell? And did they get you to trade Your heros for ghosts? Hot ashes for trees? Hot air for a cool breeze? Cold comfort for change? And did you exchange A walk on part in the war For a lead role in a cage? How I wish, how I wish you were here. We're just two lost souls Swimming in a fish bowl, Year after year, Running over the same old ground. What have we found? The same old fears. Wish you were here.
Taylor Swift|I'll bet she's beautiful, that girl he talks about, and she's got everything that I have to live without... He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar, the only one who's got enough of me to break my heart. He's the song in the car I keep singing; don't know why I do.
Fall Out Boy|sometimes we take action, sometimes we take pills.
Ben Harper|My choice is what I choose to do,And if I'm causing no harm, it shouldn't bother you.Your choice is who you choose to be,And if you're causin' no harm, then you're alright with me.
Lady Gaga|Prejudice is a disease. And when they come for you, or refuse your worth, I will be ready for their stones. I belong to you.
Frédéric Chopin|Bach is an astronomer, discovering the most marvellous stars. Beethoven challenges the universe. I only try to express the soul and the heart of man.
Morrissey|Oh, I can't help quoting you, because everything that you said rings true.
Ross David Burke, When the Music's Over: My Journey into Schizophrenia|Am I a mindless fool? My life is a fragment, a disconnected dream that has no continuity. I am so tired of senselessness. I am tired of the music that my feelings sing, the dream music.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|In our world, I rank music somewhere between hair ribbons and rainbows in terms of usefulness.
Blink-182|hello there, the angel from my nightmare.the shadow in the backgroung of the mourge.the unsuspecting victim of darkness in the valley.we could live like jack and sally if we want.
George Harrison|I think people who truly can live a life in music are telling the world, ‘You can have my love, you can have my smiles. Forget the bad parts, you don’t need them. Just take the music, the goodness, because it’s the very best, and it’s the part I give most willingly
Martin Luther|A person who...does not regard music as a marvelous creation of God, must be a clodhopper indeed and does not deserve to be called a human being; he should be permitted to hear nothing but the braying of asses and the grunting of 
Martin Luther|The devil, the originator of sorrowful anxieties and restless troubles, flees before the sound of music almost as much as before the Word of God....Music is a gift and grace of God, not an invention of men. Thus it drives out the devil and makes people cheerful. Then one forgets all wrath, impurity, and other devices.
Elie Wiesel|Music does not replace words, it gives tone to the words
Faith No More, Faith No More - The Real Thing|Droplets of yes and no, in an ocean of maybe.
Lady Gaga|A middle finger is more New York than a corporate ambush. I bleed for my hometown, and I'd die for my fans.
Morrissey|The more you ignore me, the closer I get; you're wasting your time.
Helen Thompson|Through music we may wander where we will in time, and find friends in every century.
Charlie Parker|Don't be afraid, just play the music.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Music, I think, he makes me feel like music.
Morrissey|I was wasting my life, always thinking about myself.
Rachel Cohn|The mosh pit will reveal all the answers. The mosh pit never lies.-Norah, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist 
Corey Taylor|Music is not a fucking soda. It is not a fucking insurance rate. It is not a fucking T-shirt. It is the only real religion that is worth devoting your soul to. It is the last remnant of the primal scream, the funeral dirge, and the wedding march. It is the light that keeps me out of the shadows, and it is the reason my immortal soul is not in dire straits.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|The dilemma of the eighth-grade dance is that boys and girls use music in different ways. Girls enjoy music they can dance to, music with strong vocals and catchy melodies. Boys, on the other hand, enjoy music they can improve by making up filthy new lyrics.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|If one plays good music, people don't listen, and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
Michael  Jackson|Each song is a child I nourish and give my love to. But even if you have never written a song, your life is a song. How can it not be?
Louis Armstrong|If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
Kenny Chesney|What you see is kinda what you get with me. I'm a very real person, or I hope to be, anyway. I don't have nothing to hide
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|[S]he leans into this guy and rocks her head like I’m making this music for her, when if I could, I would take it all away and give her as much silence as she’s given me pain. 
Leo Tolstoy, The Kreutzer Sonata|Music makes me forget myself, my true condition, it carries me off into another state of being, one that isn't my own: under the influence of music I have the illusion of feeling things I don't really feel, of understanding things I don't understand, being able to do things I'm not able to do (...) Can it really be allowable for anyone who feels like it to hypnotize another person, or many other persons, and then do what he likes with them? Particularly if the hypnotist is the first unscrupulous individual who happens to come along?
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|There are no words and there is no singing, but the music has a voice. It is an old voice and a deep voice, like the stump of a sweet cigar or a shoe with a hole. It is a voice that has lived and lives, with sorrow and shame, ecstasy and bliss, joy and pain, redemption and damnation. It is a voice with love and without love. I like the voice, and though I can't talk to it, I like the way it talks to me. It says it is all the same, Young Man. Take it and let it be.
Charles de Lint, The Little Country|She knew this music--knew it down to the very core of her being--but she had never heard it before. Unfamiliar, it had still always been there inside her, waiting to be woken. It grew from the core of mystery that gives a secret its special delight, religion its awe. It demanded to be accepted by simple faith, not dissected or questioned, and at the same time, it begged to be doubted and probed.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Music expresses feeling and thought, without language; it was below and before speech, and it is above and beyond all words. 
Enigma|Don't be afraid to be weakDon't be too proud to be strongJust look into your heart my friendThat will be the return to yourselfThe return to innocenceIf you want, then start to laughIf you must, then start to cryBe yourself don't hideJust believe in destinyDon't care what people sayJust follow your own wayDon't give up and miss the chanceTo return to innocenceThat's not the beginning of the endThat's the return to yourselfThe return to innocenceDon't care what people sayJust follow your own wayDon't give up and miss the chanceto return to innocence
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Music is everywhere. It’s in the air between us, waiting to be sung.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|Then the singing enveloped me. It was furry and resonant, coming from everyone's very heart. There was no sense of performance or judgment, only that the music was breath and food.
Jason Mraz|I think there’s no greater joy than completing a song out of thin air. It’s like inventing something, but it’s invisible, you know? It’s weird. It amazes me. You can send it out in the world, and that’s the joy. It’s like giving birth to all these songs and letting them go like they’re your kids.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I mentally shake hands with you for your answer, despite its inaccuracy." Mr. Rochester
Morrissey|I see the world, it makes me puke,But then I look at you and know,that somewhere there's a someone who can soothe me.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I get sentimental over the music of the ’90s. Deplorable, really. But I love it all. As far as I’m concerned the ’90s was the best era for music ever, even the stuff that I loathed at the time, even the stuff that gave me stomach cramps.
Stephen Fry|The alarm in the morning? Well, I have an old tape of Carlo Maria Giulini conducting the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra in a perfectly transcendent version in Shubert's seventh symphony. And I've rigged it up so that at exactly 7:30 every morning it falls from the ceiling onto my face.
The Beatles|All the lonely people, where do they all come from?
Morrissey|My love, wherever you are - whatever you are - don't lose faith. I know it's gonna happen someday to you.
Morrissey|Again, I lay awake, and I cried because of waste.
Morrissey|I'm tired again, I've tried again, and now my heart is full.And I just can't explain...so I won't even try to.
Frank Zappa|A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.
Morrissey|And make no mistake, my friend, your pointless life will end; but before you go, can you look at the truth?
Billy Joel|In every heart there is a room,A sanctuary safe and strong,To heal the wounds from lovers past,Until a new one comes along
Morrissey|Close your eyes, and think of someone you physically admire, and let me kiss you.
Morrissey|I know by now you think I should have straightened myself out - Thank you, drop dead!
Ringo Starr|America: It's like Britain, only with buttons.
Sarah Dessen|I remembered Owen telling me how music had saved him in Phoenix, that it drowned everything out, and it was the same for me now. As long as I had something to listen to, I could blur the things I didn't want to think about, if not block them out completely.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|At a certain place in Beethoven's Ninth Symphony, for example, he might feel that he is floating above the earth in a starry dome, with the dream of immortality in his heart; all the stars seem to glimmer around him, and the earth seems to sink ever deeper downwards.
Mark Twain, Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc|Ah, that shows you the power of music, that magician of magician, who lifts his wand and says his mysterious word and all things real pass away and the phantoms of your mind walk before you clothed in flesh.
Ann-Marie MacDonald, Fall on Your Knees|She's no lady. Her songs are all unbelievably unhappy or lewd. It's called Blues. She sings about sore feet, sexual relations, baked goods, killing your lover, being broke, men called Daddy, women who dress like men, working, praying for rain. Jail and trains. Whiskey and morphine. She tells stories between verses and everyone in the place shouts out how true it all is.
Joni Mitchell|Will you take me as I am? Strung out on another man...California, I'm comin' home.
Mark E. Smith, Renegade|If you're going to play it out of tune, then play it out of tune properly.
Jack White|Well, I sort of don’t trust anybody who doesn’t like Led Zeppelin.
T.S. Eliot, Collected Poems, 1909-1962|music heard so deeplyThat it is not heard at all, butyou are the musicWhile the music lasts.
Oscar Wilde|After playing Chopin, I feel as if I had been weeping over sins that I had never committed, and mourning over tragedies that were not my own. Music always seems to me to produce that effect. It creates for one a past of which one has been ignorant, and fills one with a sense of sorrows that have been hidden from one’s tears.
Bryce Anderson|I've found that no matter what life throws at me, music softens the blow.
Robin Benway, Audrey, Wait!|You have to turn it up so that your chest shakes and the drums get in between your ribs like a heartbeat and the bass goes up your spine and fizzles your brain and all you can do is dance or spin in a circle or just scream along because you know that however this music makes you feel, it’s exactly right.
George Eliot|There is no feeling, except the extremes of fear and grief, that does not find relief in music.
Tupac Shakur|Don't believe everything you hear: Real eyes, Realize, Real lies
Frank Zappa, The Real Frank Zappa Book|The Ultimate Rule ought to be: 'If it sounds GOOD to you, it's bitchin'; if it sounds BAD to YOU, it's shitty. The more your musical experience, the easier it is to define for yourself what you like and what you don't like. American radio listeners, raised on a diet of _____ (fill in the blank), have experienced a musical universe so small they cannot begin to know what they like.
Richard M. Nixon|If you want to make beautiful music, you must play the black and the white notes together.
Three Days Grace|I try to live without you,everytime I do I feel dead.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|The history of music is mortal, but the idiocy of the guitar is eternal.
Eddie Van Halen|The hell with the rules. If it sounds right, then it is.
Morrissey|You don't like me, but you love me; either way, you're wrong.
Maria Augusta von Trapp, The Story of the Trapp Family Singers|Music- what a powerful instrument, what a mighty weapon!
Pat Conroy, Beach Music|Carolina beach music," Dupree said, coming up on the porch. "The holiest sound on earth.
Daft Punk|Work It Harder Make It BetterDo It Faster, Makes Us strongerMore Than Ever Hour AfterOur Work Is Never Over-Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, lyrics and music by Daft Punk
Rob Sheffield|When you stick a song on a tape, you set it free.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|One of Renee's friends asked her, "Does your boyfriend wear glasses?" She said, "No, he wears a Walkman.
Paolo Nutini|It was in love I was created, and in love is how I hope I die
William Cowper|There is in souls a sympathy with sounds:And as the mind is pitch'd the ear is pleasedWith melting airs, or martial, brisk or grave;Some chord in unison with what we hearIs touch'd within us, and the heart replies.
Charles Bukowski|Music is much like fucking, but some composers can't climax and others climax too often, leaving themselves and the listener jaded and spent.
Martin Luther|Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
Leonard Bernstein, The Joy of Music|Music, of all the arts, stands in a special region, unlit by any star but its own, and utterly without meaning ... except its own.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|A middle-aged woman who looked like someone's cleaning lady, a shrieking adolescent lunatic and a talkshow host with an orange face... It didn't add up. Suicide wasn't invented for people like this. It was invented for people like Virginia Woolf and Nick Drake. And Me. Suicide was supposed to be cool.
Stephen Sondheim|Music blows lyrics up very quickly, and suddenly they become more than art. They become pompous and they become self-conscious ... I firmly believe that lyrics have to breathe and give the audience's ear a chance to understand what's going on. Particularly in the theater, where you not only have the music, but you've got costume, story, acting, orchestra. There's a lot to take in.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|Melody is the essence of music. I compare a good melodist to a fine racer, and counterpointists to hack post-horses; therefore be advised, let well alone and remember the old Italian proverb: Chi sa più, meno sa—Who knows most, knows least.
Benjamin Britten|It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
Tom Moon, 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die|The more you love music, the more music you love.
Mary  Stewart, The Hollow Hills|To remember love after long sleep; to turn again to poetry after a year in the market place, or to youth after resignation to drowsy and stiffening age; to remember what once you thought life could hold, after telling over with muddied and calculating fingers what it has offered; this is music, made after long silence. The soul flexes its wings, and, clumsy as any fledgling, tries the air again
Morrissey|Because you wear a uniform, a smelly uniform...and so you think you can be rude to me.
Staind|The silence gets us nowhere, nowhere way to fast
Morrissey|Even I, as sick as I am, I would never be you. Even I, sick and depraved, a traveler to the grave, I would never be you.
Rodney Crowell|You know I love to spend my mornings, like sunlight dancing on your skin
Mina Loy, The Lost Lunar Baedeker: Poems of Mina Loy|Poetry is prose bewitched, a music made of visual thoughts, the sound of an idea.
Eric Clapton|At first the music almost repelled me, it was so intense, and this man made no attempt to sugarcoat what he was trying to say, or play. It was hard-core, more than anything I had ever heard. After a few listenings I realized that, on some level, I had found the master, and that following this man's example would be my life's work.
Nick Hornby|To me, making a tape is like writing a letter – there's a lot of erasing and rethinking and starting again, and I wanted it to be a good one.
Charles-Auguste de Beriot|The true mission of the violin is to imitate the accents of the human voice, a noble mission that has earned for the violin the glory of being called the king of instruments
Nick Hornby|It's music rage, which is like road rage, only more righteous. When you get road rage, a tiny part of you knows you're being a jerk, but when you get music rage, you're carrying out the will of God, and God wants these people dead
Franz Liszt|Music is the heart of life." She speaks love; "without it, there is no possible good and with it everything is beautiful.
Guy de Maupassant, Complete Works|...A strange art – music – the most poetic and precise of all the arts, vague as a dream and precise as algebra.
Erich Maria Remarque, Three Comrades|The music enchanted the air. It was like the south wind, like a warm night, like swelling sails beneath the stars, completely and utterly unreal... It made everything spacious and colourful, the dark stream of life seemed pulsing in it; there were no burdens any more, no limits; there existed only glory and melody and love, so that one simply could not realize that, at the same time as this music was, outside there ruled poverty and torment and despair.
Paul Simon, Simon and Garfunkel's Greatest Hits|I have my booksAnd my poetry to protect me;I am shielded in my armor,Hiding in my room, safe within my womb.I touch no one and no one touches me.I am a rock,I am an island.
Frank Zappa|The rock and roll business is pretty absurd, but the world of serious music is much worse.
Morrissey|You made me feel less alone;you made me feel not quite sodeformed, uninformed and hunchbacked.
Joyce Brothers|Music is stored in our long-term memory. When we learn something through music, we tend to remember it longer and believe it more deeply. 	Dr. Joyce Brothers
Jack Johnson, Curious George: Jack Johnson and Friends - Guitar Recorded Version|Questions, I've got some questionsI want to know youBut what if I could ask you only one thingOnly this one time, what would you tell me?Well maybe you could give me a suggestionSo I could know you, what would you tell me?Maybe you could tell me what to ask youBecause then I'd know you, what would you tell mePlease tell me that there's timeTo make this work for all intents and purposesAnd what are your intentions, will you try?Impressions, you've made impressionsThey're going nowhereThey're just going to wait here if you let themPlease don't let themI want to know youAnd if they're going to haunt mePlease collect themPlease just collect themAnd now I'm beggingI'm begging you to ask me just one questionOne simple questionBecause then you'd know meI'll tell you that there's timeTo make this work for all intents and purposesAt least for my ownWhat is a heart worth if it's just left all alone?Leave it long enough and watch it turn into stoneWhy must we always be untrue?
Dave Matthews Band|Im not going to change my ways, just to please you or appease you, inside a crowd five billion proud willing to punch it out, right, wrong, weak strong, ashes to ashes all fall down.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Mr. Mancini had a singular talent for making me uncomfortable. He forced me to consider things I’d rather not think about – the sex of my guitar, for instance. If I honestly wanted to put my hands on a woman, would that automatically mean I could play? Gretchen’s teacher never told her to think of her piano as a boy. Neither did Lisa’s flute teacher, though in that case the analogy was obvious. On the off chance that sexual desire was all it took, I steered clear of Lisa’s instrument, fearing that I might be labeled a prodigy.
Morrissey|These tears I'm wailing,I spill not without reason.Remove them, my dearest love.Take me to the place I've been dreaming of,where the grotesquely lonely meet the grotesquely lonelyand they whisper,just very softly,Please be mine, Dearest Love.
Kevin Brockmeier|A successful song comes to sing itself inside the listener. It is cellular and seismic, a wave coalescing in the mind and in the flesh. There is a message outside and a message inside, and those messages are the same, like the pat and thud of two heartbeats, one within you, one surrounding. The message of the lullaby is that it’s okay to dim the eyes for a time, to lose sight of yourself as you sleep and as you grow: if you drift, it says, you’ll drift ashore: if you fall, you will fall into place.
Damien Rice, O|Cold,cold water,surrounds me now,and all I've got is your hand.
Rusted Root|I'm a super hero, too, underneath my sweater.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Shimamoto was in charge of the records. She'd take one from its jacket, place it carefully on the turntable without touching the grooves with her fingers, and, after making sure to brush the cartridge free of any dust with a tiny brush, lower the needle ever so gently onto the record. When the record was finished, she'd spray it and wipe it with a felt cloth. Finally she'd return the record to its jacket and its proper place on the shelf. Her father had taught her this procedure, and she followed his instructions with a terribly serious look on her face, her eyes narrowed, her breath held in check. Meanwhile, I was on the sofa, watching her every move. Only when the record was safely back on the shelf did she turn to me and give a little smile. And every time, this thought hit me: It wasn't a record she was handling. It was a fragile soul inside a glass bottle.
L.H. Cosway, Still Life with Strings|A picture is just a picture, but add music and there's emotion. There's a story.
Roger Waters|We're just two lost souls Swimming in a fish bowl, Year after year, Running over the same old ground. What have we found? The same old fears. Wish you were here.
Jared Leto|Try and fail, but never fail to try!
Jason Mraz|You can turn off the sun, but im still ganna shine!
Carrie Underwood|Lord, I feel so small sometimes in this great big old world.Yeah, I know there are more important things.But don't forget to remember me.
Morrissey|This world, I am afraid, is designed for crashing bores.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|One thing he discovered with a great deal of astonishment was that music held for him more then just pleasure. There was meat to it. The grouping of sounds, their forms in the air as they rang out and faded, said something comforting to him about the rule of Creation. What the music said was that there is a right way for things to be ordered so that life might not always be just tangle and drift, but have a shape, an aim. It was a powerful argument that life did not just happen.
Paul Simon|Music is forever; music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die. 
Alison Croggon, The Naming|And all meet in singing, which braids together the different knowings into a wide and subtle music, the music of living. 
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|He had always wanted to write music, and he could give no other identity to the thing he sought. If you want to know what it is, he told himself, listen to the first phrases of Tchaikovsky’s First Concerto--or the last movement of Rachmaninoff’s Second. Men have not found the words for it, nor the deed nor the thought, but they have found the music. Let me see that in one single act of man on earth. Let me see it made real. Let me see the answer to the promise of that music. Not servants nor those served; not altars and immolations; but the final, the fulfilled, innocent of pain. Don’t help me or serve me, but let me see it once, because I need it. Don’t work for my happiness, my brothers--show me yours--show me that it is possible--show me your achievement--and the knowledge will give me courage for mine.
Chuck Klosterman|If you play "I Don't Want To Know" by Fleetwood Mac loud enough -- you can hear Lindsey Buckingham's fingers sliding down the strings of his acoustic guitar. ...And we were convinced that this was the definitive illustration of what we both loved about music; we loved hearing the INSIDE of a song.
Roger Waters|All that you touch All that you see All that you taste All you feel. All that you love All that you hate All you distrust All you save. All that you give All that you deal All that you buy, beg, borrow or steal. All you create All you destroy All that you do All that you say. All that you eat And everyone you meet All that you slight And everyone you fight. All that is now All that is gone All that's to come and everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon. "There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact it's all dark.
Nick Hornby|And mostly all I have to say about these songs is that I love them, and want to sing along to them, and force other people to listen to them, and get cross when these other people don't like them as much as I do. 
John Cage, Silence: Lectures and Writings|The emotions - love, mirth, the heroic, wonder, tranquility, fear, anger, sorrow, disgust - are in the audience.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|The voice sang on, “I am ready, I am ready, I am fine. I am fine, I am fine, I am fine.” I played it again. I was not fine.
Jessica Carroll|Music defines us, for it shapes our souls and minds.
Papa Roach|In the brightest hour of my darkest day, I realized what is wrong with me"~Forever
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|They can take our homes, our possessions. Our families. Our lives. They can drive us out, like they've driven us out before. They can humiliate us and dehumanize us. But they cannot take our thoughts. They cannot take our talents. They cannot take our knowledge, or our memories, or our minds. In music there is no bondage. Music is a door, and the soul escapes through the melody.
Cl 2ne1|You can just enjoy music without understanding it, muusic is a universal language.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When we feel, a kind of lyric is sung in our heart. When we think, a kind of music is played in our mind. In harmony, both create a beautiful symphony of life.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|I heard the universe as an oratorio sung by a master choir of stars, accompanied by the orchestra of the planets and the percussion of satellites and moons. The aria they performed was a song to break the heart, full of tragic dissonance and deferred hope, and yet somewhere beneath it all was a piercing refrain of glory, glory, glory. And I sensed that not only the grand movements of the cosmos, but everything that had happened in my life, was a part of that song. Even the hurts that seemed most senseless, the mistakes I would have done anything to erase--nothing could make those things good, but good could still come out of them all the same, and in the end the oratorio would be no less beautiful for it.
Morrissey|There's a club, if you'd like to goYou could meet somebody who really loves you.'So you go, and you stand on your ownAnd you leave on your ownAnd you go home, and you cryAnd you want to die.
Thomas Carlyle|Music is well said to be the speech of angels; in fact, nothing among the utterances allowed to man is felt to be so divine. It brings us near to the infinite.
Tokio Hotel|You are the sun, and I'm the moon. In your shadow I can shine.
Morrissey|I have forgiven Jesus for all of the love he placed in me, when there's no one I can turn to with this love.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|a song can take you back instantly to a moment, or a place, or even a person. No matter what else has changed in you or the world, that one song stays the same, just like that moment. Which is pretty amazing, when you actually think about it.
Anne Bishop, Queen of the Darkness|Lucivar winced. "She guzzled half the flask — and it wasn't one of his home brews, it was the concoction you created."Jaenelle’s eyes widened. “You let her drink a ‘gravedigger’?”“No no no,” Wilhelmina said, shaking her head. “You shouldn’t ever drink a gravedigger until he’s had a bath.” She smiled placidly when Jaenelle and Lucivar just stared at her.“Mother Night,” Lucivar muttered.“Do you know that song?” Wilhelmina asked Jaenelle.
Bruce Springsteen|Talk about a dream,try to make it real
Jimmy Buffett, A Pirate Looks at Fifty|Songwriters write songs, but they really belong to the listener.
Shinedown|Please don't cry one tear for me, I'm not afraid of what I have to say.This is my one and only voice, so listen close... it's only for today.
Morrissey|You say: 'Oh, please forgive'You say: 'Oh, live and let live.'But sorry doesn't help us.Sorry will not save us.Sorry is just a word you find so easy to say (so you say it anyway).Sorry doesn't help us.Sorry won't protect us.Sorry won't undo all the good gone wrong.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse|The beauty of the flute was in its simplicity, in its resemblance to the human voice. It always sounded clear. It sounded alone. The piano, on the other hand, was a network of parts—a ship, with its strings like rigging, its case a hull, its lifted lid a sail. Kestrel always thought that the piano didn't sound like a single instrument but a twinned one, with its low and high halves merging together or pulling apart.
Enigma|In every colour there's the light.In every stone sleeps a crystal.Remember the Shaman, when he used to say:Man is the dream of the dolphin
Fall Out Boy|You are what you love not who loves you"- Fall Out Boy
Justin Bieber|You’ve got that smile,That only heaven can make.I pray to God everyday,That you keep that smile.Yeah, you are my dream,There’s not a thing I won’t do.I'd give my life up for you,'Cause you are my dream.
Machado de Assis, The Devil's Church and Other Stories|To him the stars seemed like so many musical notes affixed to the sky, just waiting for somebody to unfasten them. Someday the sky would be emptied, but by then the earth would be a constellation of musical scores
Jorge Luis Borges|There is an hour of the afternoon when the plain is on the verge of saying something. It never says, or perhaps it says it infinitely, or perhaps we do not understand it, or we understand it and it is untranslatable as music.
Ocean Vuong|Rush-hour on the A rain. A blind man staggers forth, his cane tapping lightlyown the aisle. He leans against the door,raises a violin to chin, and says I’m sorry to bother you, folks. But please. Just listen. And it kills me, the word sorry. As if something like musicshould be forgiven. He nuzzles into the wood like a lover, inhales, and at the first slow stroke, the crescendo seeps through our skin like warm water, we who have nothing but destinations, who dream of light but descend into the mouths of tunnels, searching. Beads of sweat fall from his brow, making dark roseson the instrument. His head swooning to each chord exhaled through the hollow torso. The woman beside me has put down her book, closed her eyes, the babyhas stopped crying, the cop has sat down, and I know this train is too fast for dreaming, that these iron jaws will always open to swallow a smile already lost.How insufficient the memory, to fail before death.how will hear these notes when the train slides into the yard, the lights turned out, and the songlingers with breaths rising from empty seats? I know I am too human to praise what is fading. But for now, I just want to listen as the train fillscompletely with warm water, and we are all swimming slowly toward the man with Mozart flowing from his hands. I want nothingbut to put my fingers inside his mouth, let that prayer hum through my veins. I want crawl into the hole in his violin.I want to sleep there until my flesh  becomes music.
Gloria Naylor, Linden Hills|They all trying to say something with music that you can't say with plain talk. There ain't really no words for love or pain. And the way I see it, only fools go around trying to talk their love or talk their pain. So the smart people make music and you can kinda hear about it without them saying anything.
Frank Zappa, The Real Frank Zappa Book|For the record, folks; I never took a shit on stage and the closest I ever came to eating shit anywhere was at a Holiday Inn buffet in Fayetteville, North Carolina, in 1973.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|As you wish, of course." Lucius lowered the volume on an old record player, which spun a warped vinyl disk that wailed unfamiliar music, scratchy and whiny, like cats fighting. Or a coffin with rusty hinges opening and closing over and over again in a deserted mausoleum. "Do you like Croatian folk?" heasked, seeing my interest. "It reminds me of home.""I prefer normal music.""Ah, yes, your MTV with all the bumping and grinding. Like a shot of raging adolescent hormones administered via television. I'm not averse.
Sergei Rachmaninoff|The new kind of music seems to create not from the heart but from the head. Its composers think rather than feel. They have not the capacity to make their works exalt - they meditate, protest, analyze, reason, calculate and brood, but they do not exalt.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Night Flight|She knew this man's smile, his gentle ways of love, but not his godlike fury in the storm. She might snare him in a fragile net of music, love and flowers, but, at each departure, he would break forth without, it seemed to her, the least regret.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Ah, the magic of music, with it, all things are possible.
Blind Melon|All I can do is read a book to stay awake, and it rips my life away, but it's a great escape.
Morrissey|I used to dream, and I used to vow;I wouldn't dream of it now.
Morrissey|Satan rejected my soul; as low as he goes,he never quite goes this low.
Gordon Korman, Born to Rock|You know what punk is? a bunch of no-talent guys who really, really want to be in a band. Nobody reads music, nobody plays the mandolin, and you're too dumb to write songs about mythology or Middle-earth. So what's your style? Three chords, cranked out fast and loud and distorted because your instruments are crap and you can't play them worth a damn. And you scream your lungs out to cover up the fact that you can't sing. It should suck, but here's the thing - it doesn't. Rock and roll can be so full of itself, but not this. It's simple and angry and raw.
Mumford & Sons|And my head told my heart"Let love grow"But my heart told my head"This time noThis time no
Confucius|If one should desire to know whether a kingdom is well governed, if its morals are good or bad, the quality of its music will furnish the answer.
Bob Dylan|There must be some kind of way out of here,' said the joker to the thief...
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|The kingdom of music is not the kingdom of this world; it will accept those whom breeding and intellect and culture have alike rejected. The commonplace person begins to play, and shoots into the empyrean without effort, whilst we look up, marvelling how he has escaped us, and thinking how we could worship him and love him, would he but translate his visions into human words, and his experiences into human actions. Perhaps he cannot; certainly he does not, or does so very seldom.
Hayley Williams|Well you found us strength and solutions but I liked the tensionAnd not always knowing the answers when you're gonna lose it, you're gonna lose it.
Dolly Parton|If you talk bad about country music, it's like saying bad things about my momma. Them's fightin' words
Gordon Korman, One False Note|Amy turned to Nellie. "Can you create a diversion to draw the clerk outside?"The au pair was wary. "What kind of diversion?""You could pretend to be lost," Dan proposed. "The guy comes out to give you directions, and we slip inside.""That's the most sexist idea I've ever heard," Nellie said harshly. "I'm female, so I have to be clueless. He's male, so he's got a great sense of direc
Sully Erna|I'm not the one who's so far awayWhen I feel the snake bite enter my veins.Never did I wanna be here again,And I don't remember why I came.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play— I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. But I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxophone. I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes.
George Eliot|I think I should have no other mortal wants, if I could always have plenty of music. It seems to infuse strength into my limbs and ideas into my brain. Life seems to go on without effort, when I am filled with music.
Nick Cave|I was about 12 years old and I was sitting watching the television and it was some kind of talent show, you know, and on marches this monkey, this ape, in a pair of red-checked trousers with a little matching jacket holding a ukelele and it started jigging around playing it, and it was looking straight into the camera, straight at me, and I remember thinking, that's it, that'll be me, you know, that'll be me.
Luanne Rice, Summer of Roses|The music never leaves. Once you have it, you can't lose it.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|These songs tell me I'm not alone. If you look at it that way, music...music can see you through anything.
Bruno Mars|Easy come, easy go,That's just how you live, oh,Take, take, take it all,But you never give.Should've known you was troubleFrom the first kiss,Had your eyes wide open.Why were they open?Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash,You tossed it in the trash, you did.To give me all your love is all I ever asked, 'causeWhat you don't understand isI'd catch a grenade for yaThrow my hand on a blade for yaI'd jump in front of a train for ya You know I'd do anything for yaOh, oh, I would go through all of this pain,Take a bullet straight through my brain!Yes, I would die for ya, baby,But you won't do the same.
Hoda Kotb, Hoda: How I Survived War Zones, Bad Hair, Cancer, and Kathie Lee|I love music. For me, music is morning coffee. It's mood medicine. It's pure magic. A good song is like a good meal-I just want to inhale it and then share a bite with someone else.
Patrick O'Brian, The Commodore|Stephen had been put to sleep in his usual room, far from children and noise, away in that corner of the house which looked down to the orchard and the bowling-green, and in spite of his long absence it was so familiar to him that when he woke at about three he made his way to the window almost as quickly as if dawn had already broken, opened it and walked out onto the balcony. The moon had set: there was barely a star to be seen. The still air was delightfully fresh with falling dew, and a late nightingale, in an indifferent voice, was uttering a routine jug-jug far down in Jack's plantations; closer at hand and more agreeable by far, nightjars churred in the orchard, two of them, or perhaps three, the sound rising and falling, intertwining so that the source could not be made out for sure. There were few birds that he preferred to nightjars, but it was not they that had brought him out of bed: he stood leaning on the balcony rail and presently Jack Aubrey, in a summer-house by the bowling-green, began again, playing very gently in the darkness, improvising wholly for himself, dreaming away on his violin with a mastery that Stephen had never heard equalled, though they had played together for years and years.Like many other sailors Jack Aubrey had long dreamed of lying in his warm bed all night long; yet although he could now do so with a clear conscience he often rose at unChristian hours, particularly if he were moved by strong emotion, and crept from his bedroom in a watch-coat, to walk about the house or into the stables or to pace the bowling-green. Sometimes he took his fiddle with him. He was in fact a better player than Stephen, and now that he was using his precious Guarnieri rather than a robust sea-going fiddle the difference was still more evident: but the Guarnieri did not account for the whole of it, nor anything like. Jack certainly concealed his excellence when they were playing together, keeping to Stephen's mediocre level: this had become perfectly clear when Stephen's hands were at last recovered from the thumb-screws and other implements applied by French counter-intelligence officers in Minorca; but on reflexion Stephen thought it had been the case much earlier, since quite apart from his delicacy at that period, Jack hated showing away.Now, in the warm night, there was no one to be comforted, kept in countenance, no one could scorn him for virtuosity, and he could let himself go entirely; and as the grave and subtle music wound on and on, Stephen once more contemplated on the apparent contradiction between the big, cheerful, florid sea-officer whom most people liked on sight but who would have never been described as subtle or capable of subtlety by any one of them (except perhaps his surviving opponents in battle) and the intricate, reflective music he was now creating. So utterly unlike his limited vocabulary in words, at times verging upon the inarticulate.'My hands have now regained the moderate ability they possessed before I was captured,' observed Maturin, 'but his have gone on to a point I never thought he could reach: his hands and his mind. I am amazed. In his own way he is the secret man of the world.
Morrissey|They said they respect me, which means, their judgment is crazy.
Michael Gira|It was a kind of sado-masochism. I would take the things that were painful to me and elevate them and, through the mantra of music, make them into a release.
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|On that same tour we ran into a band at Aylesbury Friars, a biggish venue in Oxfordshire, England. They were a four-piece from Ireland called U2. They seemed like nice fellows and they sounded pretty good, but we didn’t keep in touch. They’re probably taxi drivers and accountants by now.
Morrissey|Hold on to your friends.Resist - or move onBe mad, be rashSmoke and explodeSell all of your clothesJust bear in mind:There just might come a timeWhen you need some friends 
Morrissey, Autobiography|Nothing fortified me, and simple loneliness all but destroyed me, yet I felt swamped by the belief that life must mean something- otherwise why was it there? Why was anything anything?
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|...."the sound of a barrel organ rising from the deepest golden vein of the day; two or three bars of a chorus, played on a distant piano over and over again, melting in the sun on the white pavement, lost in the fire of high noon.
Marcel Marceau|Music and silence combine strongly because music is done with silence, and silence is full of music. 
Matthew J. Bellamy|You make me sick. Because I adore you so..."~Space Dementia
Celia Rivenbark, Belle Weather: Mostly Sunny with a Chance of Scattered Hissy Fits|Who can fail to mist at Fergie's anthem, 'My humps, my humps, my lovely lady lumps.' Hmmm. 'My lunch, my lunch, I swear it's coming up.
Plato|I would teach children music, physics, and philosophy; but most importantly music, for the patterns in music and all the arts are the keys to learning
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|A choir is made up of many voices, including yours and mine. If one by one all go silent then all that will be left are the soloists.Don’t let a loud few determine the nature of the sound. It makes for poor harmony and diminishes the song.
Eddie Vedder|If he can't sleep, how will he ever dream?
Joe Hill, Horns|I liked AC/DC," Lee said. "If you were going to shoot someone, you'd really want to do it while you were listening to them.""What about the Beatles? Did you feel like shooting anyone listening to them?"Lee considered seriously for a moment, then said, "Myself."At the same time he was laughing, Ig was distressed. Not liking the Beatles was almost as bad as not knowing about them at all.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Anyone who tells a lie has not a pure heart, and cannot make a good soup. 
W.H. Auden, The Complete Works of W.H. Auden: Prose, Volume III: 1949-1955|The most exciting rhythms seem unexpected and complex, the most beautiful melodies simple and inevitable.
Wynton Marsalis|Jazz is not just 'Well, man, this is what I feel like playing.' It's a very structured thing that comes down from a tradition and requires a lot of thought and study.
Bert Murray, Colin Preston Rocked And Rolled|How far is too far? When you love a band so much that its songs fill the empty spaces inside your head and heart, is that too far?
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I was totally clueless about social interaction, and completely scared of girls. All I knew was that music was going to make girls fall in love with me.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|[The Head of Radio Three] had been ensnared by the Music Director of the college and a Professor of Philosophy. These two were busy explaining to the harassed man that the phrase "too much Mozart" was, given any reasonable definition of those three words, an inherently self-contradictory expression, and that any sentence which contained such a phrase would be thereby rendered meaningless and could not, consequently, be advanced as part of an argument in favour of any given programme-scheduling strategy.
Aurelien Budynek, Best of Motion City Soundtrack|Because I hate the ocean, theme parks and airplanes, talking with strangers, waiting in line. I'm through with these pills that make me sit still, are you feeling fine? Yes, I feel just fine.
Jacob Hoye, 100 Greatest Albums|You can love a song, but you can form a bond with an album, a relationship that evolves as organically and beautifully as a marriage.
Lonely Island|If you wanna make friends at the ATM, do the creep.
Yvonne Prinz, The Vinyl Princess|Should I have taken him by the hand and led him over to the Zappa? No. I won't spoon-feed the customers. If you don't know your alphabet, you have no business leaving your house, let alone shopping for premium music.
Cassandra Giovanni, Finding Perfection|Your voice has haunted every inch of my soul since the last time I heard it…my world had been so dark, void of sound and then I heard you sing again—and it exploded. Everything came crashing down on me that I’d been holding in, and then I was just a mess. But I wasn’t suffering in silence anymore. I was suffering from the impenetrable sound of your voice on repeat in my head.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|HEREIt’s-Can I say?It’s like the song of a family where everything’s always all right, it’s a song of belonging that makes you belong just by hearing it, it’s a song that’ll always take care of you and never leave you. If you have a heart, it breaks, if you have a heart that’s broken, it fixes.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift - Fearless: Easy Guitar with Notes & Tab|You take a deep breath and you walk through the doors. It's the morning of your very first day. You say hi to your friends you ain't seen in a while, try and stay out of everybody's way. It's your freshman year and your gonna be here for the next four years in this town. Hopin' one of those senior boys will wink at you and say, "You know I haven't seen you around before." 'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you, you're gonna believe them. And when you're fifteen, feelin' like there's nothin' to figure out, but, count to ten, take it in. This is life before you know who you're gonna be. Fifteen.
Drake|We live in a generation of not being in love, and not being together. But we sure make it feel like we're together, because we're scared of seeing each other with somebody else.
Lisa Schroeder, The Day Before|We have a lot of questions, and we want to understand.Music helps with that .Music helps with everything.
Radiohead|If I could be who you wanted, all the time
Patti Smith, Just Kids|We imagined ourselves as the Sons of Liberty with a mission to preserve, protect, and project the revolutionary spirit of rock and roll. We feared that the music which had given us sustenance was in danger of spiritual starvation. We feared it losing its sense of purpose, we feared it falling into fattened hands, we feared it floundering in a mire of spectacle, finance, and vapid technical complexity.
Gabriel García Márquez, Living to Tell the Tale|I discovered the miracle that all things that sound are music, including the dishes and silverware in the dishwasher, as long as they fulfill the illusion of showing us where life is heading.
Jason Gray|Sweet Grace amazes meThe way that she can seeBeyond the man I amTo the man that I could beShe's bringing out my bestWhile she covers all the restSome say her love is blindBut I say her love forgetsShe don't like it when I try so hard to impress her‘Cause when I do that, it's a lie that makes her love look the lesserThe truth is I knowI'll never be, I'll never be good enoughI'll never deserve her loveI'll never be, I'll never be good enough for GraceBut she takes me anywayI am the cheatin' kind But she's changing my mindThe way she takes me backThough I fail her every timeShe's got friends who tell her that sheIs much too good for meWell, I've told her that myselfBut she refuses to leaveI'd like to think my strength won her affectionBut the truth is it was my weakness that caught her attentionI'm grateful to knowWhen my tears fall down like rainShe wipes them from my faceShe tells me that I'm lovelyAnd if I am, it's all because of GraceThis love turns my inside outAnd my world upside downGrace is changing me
Virgil Thomson|I've never known a musician who regretted being one. Whatever deceptions life may have in store for you, music itself is not going to let you down.
Chuck Klosterman, Fargo Rock City: A Heavy Metal Odyssey in Rural North Dakota|It might sound chauvinistic, but there is a sad reality in rock music: Bands who depend on support from females inevitably crash and burn.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Grace abounds in contemporary movies, books, novels, films and music. If God is not in the whirlwind, He may be in a Woody Allen film, or a Bruce Springsteen concert. Most people understand imagery and symbol better than doctrine and dogma. Images touch hearts and awaken imaginations. One theologian suggested that Springsteen's 'Tunnel of Love' album, in which he symbolically sings of sin, death, despair and redemption, is more important for Catholics than the Pope's last visit when he spoke of morality only in doctrinal propositions.
Bob Hope|When she started to play, Steinway came down personally and rubbed his name off the piano. 
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|The music defied classification. If I had been writing areview of the show, I would have labeled it progressive,guitar-driven rock ’n’ roll. But the guitars made sounds guitarsdidn’t always make. Symphonic sounds. Sacred sounds.The music dug in so deep you didn’t hear it so much as feelit, reminding me of a dream I used to have when I was a kid,where I would be standing on a street corner, I would jumpinto the air, flap my arms, and soar up into the sky.That’s the only way I could describe the music.It was the sonic equivalent of flight.
Steve Almond, Rock and Roll Will Save Your Life: A Book by and for the Fanatics Among Us|It's like this when you fall hard for a musician. It's a crush with religious overtones. You listen to the songs and you memorize the words and the notes and this is a form of prayer. You attend the shows and this is the liturgy. You're interested in relics -- guitar picks, set lists, the sweaty napkin applied to His brow. You set up shrines in your room. It's not just about the music. It's about who you are when you listen to the music and who you wish to be and the way a particular song can bridge that gap, can make you feel the abrupt thrill of absolute faith.
The Wanted|If heartache was a physical pain I could face, I could faceBut your hurting me from inside of my headAnd I can't take it, I can't take itI'm going to lose my mind
Deanna Raybourn, Silent in the Grave|From the first note I knew it was different from anything I had ever heard.... It began simply, but with an arresting phrase, so simple, but eloquent as a human voice. It spoke, beckoning gently as it unwound, rising and tensing. It spiraled upward, the tension growing with each repeat of the phrasing, and yet somehow it grew more abandoned, wilder with each note. His eyes remained closed as his fingers flew over the strings, spilling forth surely more notes than were possible from a single violin. For one mad moment I actually thought there were more of them, an entire orchestra of violins spilling out of this one instrument. I had never heard anything like it--it was poetry and seduction and light and shadow and every other contradiction I could think of. It seemed impossible to breathe while listening to that music, and yet all I was doing was breathing, quite heavily. The music itself had become as palpable a presence in that room as another person would have been--and its presence was something out of myth.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Speaking unspoken words,music is a good way to say.
Blake Lewis|To do what you love and are passionate about is a dream come true, My life is consumed by music and entertainment— and it’s the best life I could ever hope for.
Jon Skovron, Struts & Frets|I tried to look at writing a song almost like solving a mystery. The song was there, buried somewhere in my brain. All I had to do was follow the clues until I figured it out.
George Michael|Stupid cupid keeps on calling me, but I see nothing in his eyes. I miss my babe
Jack Johnson|When you move like a jellyfish rhyth don't mean nothing. You go with the flow, you don't stop. Move like a jellyfish, rhythm means nothing.You go with the flow you don't stop.
Louis Armstrong|If you have to ask what jazz is you will never know." Louis Armstrong
Melissa Etheridge|Bruce has always been so nice to me, which is crazy, because he's one of my heroes. I'll never forget being at a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony the year Bruce and Paul McCartney were inducted. We were at the bar, and Bruce was talking to Paul, and he turned to me and said, 'I can't believe I'm talking to Paul McCartney!' I thought, 'I can't believe I'm talking to Bruce Springsteen, who's talking to Paul McCartney!
Neil Gaiman, The Good Fairies of New York|This is a book for every fiddler who has realized halfway through playing an ancient Scottish air that the Ramones "I Wanna Be Sedated" is what folk music is really all about, and gone straight into it.
Lisa Mangum, The Hourglass Door|It's time, my childrenWhen the waves rise high When the waters run deepWhen the clock strikes midnightYou'll feel the mark of Zero HourAnd you'll never be the same again
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|Music originated from God and was created solely for his worship, his glory, and his pleasure.
Jennifer Armstrong, Becoming Mary Mehan|For you can't hear Irish tunes without knowing you're Irish, and wanting to pound that fact into the floor.
Joel Madden|Always wear cute pyjamas to bed, you'll never know who u will meet in your dreams.
Alfred Tennyson|Music that gentlier on the spirit lies,Than tired eyelids upon tired eyes.
Jenna Woginrich|You can put off your dreams, your desires, your careers, your farms. You can avoid your responsibilities, obligations, promises, and sovereign rights. But any person who wants to make music, and doesn't, is a goddamned fool.
Aurelio Voltaire Hernández|Goth was sort of the melancholy cousin of punk that says: there's a lot of evil in this world, there's a lot of very mean spirited people and that makes me sad.
Butch Walker, Drinking with Strangers: Music Lessons from a Teenage Bullet Belt|Your youth is the most important thing you will ever have. It's when you will connect to music like a primal urge, and the memories attached to the songs will never leave you. Please hold on to everything. Keep every note, mix tape, concert ticket stub, and memory you have of music from your youth. It'll be the one thing that might keep you young, even if you aren't anymore.
John Cage, Silence: Lectures and Writings|Which is more musical, a truck passing by a factory or a truck passing by a music school?Are the people inside the school musical and the ones outside unmusical?What if the ones inside can't hear very well, would that change my question?
Rascal Flatts|I set out on a narrow way many years ago, hoping I would find true love along the broken road
Tom Morello|A musician's or artist's responsibility is a simple one, and that is, through your music to tell the truth,
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|The tune was wailing and mournful, almost flagrantly so, and the total effect was of a heartbroken piccolo being parted forever from its bagpipe lover.
Toby Keith|Kids on the Youtube, learning how to be cool.
Beck|Some need diamonds some need loveSome need cards some need luckSome need dollar bills lining their clothesall I need is, all I need is two white horses in a line
Echo and the Bunnymen, Echo And The Bunnymen|Fate, up against your
Martin Luther|Next to the Word of God, music deserves the highest praise. The gift of language combined with the gift of song was given to man that he should proclaim the Word of God through Music.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|I was always fishing for something on the radio. Just like trains and bells, it was part of the soundtrack of my life. I moved the dial up and down and Roy Orbison's voice came blasting out of the small speakers. His new song, "Running Scared," exploded into the room.Orbison, though, transcended all the genres - folk, country, rock and roll or just about anything. His stuff mixed all the styles and some that hadn't even been invented yet. He could sound mean and nasty on one line and then sing in a falsetto voice like Frankie Valli in the next. With Roy, you didn't know if you were listening to mariachi or opera. He kept you on your toes. With him, it was all about fat and blood. He sounded like he was singing from an Olympian mountaintop and he meant business. One of his previous songs, "Ooby Dooby" was deceptively simple, but Roy had progressed. He was now singing his compositions in three or four octaves that made you want to drive your car over a cliff. He sang like a professional criminal. Typically, he'd start out in some low, barely audible range, stay there a while and then astonishingly slip into histrionics. His voice could jar a corpse, always leave you muttring to yourself something like, "Man, I don't believe it." His songs had songs within songs. They shifted from major to minor key without any logic. Orbison was deadly serious - no pollywog and no fledgling juvenile. There wasn't anything else on the radio like him.
Michael Azerrad, Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981-1991|Rock'n'roll is a teenage sport, meant to be played by teenagers of all ages--they could be 15, 25 or 35. It all boils down to whether they've got the love in their hearts, that beautiful teenage spirit... -Calvin Johnson
Cornel West, Brother West: Living and Loving Out Loud, A Memoir|I'm a bluesman moving through a blues-soaked America, a blues-soaked world, a planet where catastrophe and celebration- joy and pain sit side by side. The blues started off in some field, some plantation, in some mind, in some imagination, in some heart. The blues blew over to the next plantation, and then the next state. The blues went south to north, got electrified and even sanctified. The blues got mixed up with jazz and gospel and rock and roll.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|Ruby said there were many songs that you could not say anybody in particular had made by himself. A song went around from fiddler to fiddler and each one added something and took something away so that in time the song became a different thing from what it had been, barely recognizable in either tune or lyric. But you could not say the song had been improved, for as was true of all human effort, there was never advancement. Everything added meant something lost, and about as often as not the thing lost was preferable to the thing gained, so that over time we'd be lucky if we just broke even. Any thought otherwise was empty pride.
Dianne Sylvan, Queen of Shadows|I will protect you," she promised the Bosendorfer inside. "I won't let you down."Sophie gave her a quizzical look."Bastards better not hurt my piano," Miranda replied."That's what you're worried about right now? What about your boyfriend?
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|I just happen to comprehend the low standards of the majority of the music-buying public, and I don’t care how condescending that sounds, it’s true. They always go for the shiny gimmicks. Always.
Tom Piazza, Why New Orleans Matters|Mac Rebennack, better known as Dr. John, once told me that when a brass band plays at a small club back up in one of the neighborhoods, it's as if the audience--dancing, singing to the refrains, laughing--is part of the band. They are two parts of the same thing. The dancers interpret, or it might be better to say literally embody, the sounds of the band, answering the instruments. Since everyone is listening to different parts of the music--she to the trumpet melody, he to the bass drum, she to the trombone--the audience is a working model in three dimensions of the music, a synesthesic transformation of materials. And of course the band is also watching the dancers, and getting ideas from the dancers' gestures. The relationship between band and audience is in that sense like the relationship between two lovers making love, where cause and effect becomes very hard to see, even impossible to call by its right name; one is literally getting down, as in particle physics, to some root stratum where one is freed from the lockstop of time itself, where time might even run backward, or sideways, and something eternal and transcendent is accessed.
Michael Ondaatje, Coming Through Slaughter|But there was a discipline, it was just that we didn't understand. We thought he was formless, but I think now he was tormented by order, what was outside it. He tore apart the plot - see his music was immediately on top of his own life. Echoing. As if, when he was playing he was lost and hunting for the right accidental notes. Listening to him was like talking to Coleman. You were both changing direction with every sentence, sometimes in the middle, using each other as a springboard through the dark. You were moving so fast it was unimportant to finish and clear everything. He would be describing something in 27 ways. There was pain and gentleness everything jammed into each number.
J.M. Coetzee, Diary of a Bad Year|Music expresses feeling, that is to say, gives shape and habitation to feeling, not in space but in time. To the extent that music has a history that is more than a history of its formal evolution, our feelings must have a history too. Perhaps certain qualities of feeling that found expression in music can be recorded by being notated on paper, have become so remote that we can no longer inhabit them as feelings, can get a grasp of them only after long training in the history and philosophy of music, the philosophical history of music, the history of music as a history of the feeling soul.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Yet, for my part, I was never usually squeamish; I could sometimes eat a fried rat with a good relish, if it were necessary. I am glad to have drunk water so long, for the same reason that I prefer the natural sky to an opium-eater’s heaven. I would fain keep sober always; and there are infinite degrees of drunkenness. I believe that water is the only drink for a wise man; wine is not so noble a liquor; and think of dashing the hopes of a morning with a cup of warm coffee, or of an evening with a dish of tea! Ah, how low I fail when I am tempted by them! Even music may be intoxicating. Such apparently slight causes destroyed Greece and Rome, and will destroy England and America. Of all ebriosity, who does not prefer to be intoxicated by the air he breathes?
Chet Atkins|A long apprenticeship is the most logical way to success. The only alternative is overnight stardom, but I can't give you a formula for that. 
Morrissey|Diazapam (that's valium), temazepam, lithium, ECT, HRT - how long must I stay on this stuff? Don't give me anymore!
Eric Siblin, The Cello Suites|(regarding the prelude from suite two)... The key is minor, the three notes a tragic triad. The tones move closer and closer to a harrowing vision, weaving spiter-like, relentlessly gathering sound into thighter concentric circle that come to an abrupt stop. Nothing fills the empty space. A tiny prayer is uttered.
George Strait|Life is not breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.
Stevie Wonder|Music is a world within itself, with a language we all understand.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|There are millions of chords. There are millions of numbers. And everyone forgets the one that is a zero. But without the zero, numbers are just arithmetic. Without the empty chord, music is just noise.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|After dinner Natasha went to the clavichord, at Prince Andrey's request, and began singing. Prince Andrey stood at the window, talking to the ladies, and listened to her. In the middle of a phrase, Prince Andrey ceased speaking, and felt suddenly a lump in his throat from tears, the possibility of which he had never dreamed of in himself. He looked at Natasha singing, and something new and blissful stirred in his soul. He was happy, and at the same time he was sad. He certainly had nothing to weep about, but he was ready to weep. For what? For his past love? For the little princess? For his lost illusions? For his hopes for the future? Yes, and no. The chief thing which made him ready to weep was a sudden, vivid sense of the fearful contrast between something infinitely great and illimitable existing in him, and something limited and material, which he himself was, and even she was. This contrast made his heart ache, and rejoiced him while she was singing.
Ry Cooder, Los Angeles Stories|No second chances in the land of a thousand dances, the valley of ten million insanities.
Gloria   Smith, Love Tears|My mind begs for you in the soft, secret, silent places of the night... I thirst for you and without you my soul is a desert. I thought when I first met you, first saw you, that I loved you more than any woman had ever loved a man, but now I know the feeling only grows within me. You are the song I sing each day, each moment, each second. You are the melody of my life...
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|Big fat hairy monkey, hands a couple of octaves wide?
Alexander McCall Smith, The Right Attitude to Rain|We act out our lives to a soundtrack, thought Isabel, the music that becomes, for a spell, out favourite and is listened to again and again until it stands for the time itself. But that was about all the scripting that we achieved; the rest, for most of us, was extemporising.
Juliet Marillier, Heir to Sevenwaters|His touch was like a bard's on his instrument, and it awakened a deep and mysterious music in my body.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|A bit of the vagueness of music stops you going completely mad, I imagine.
John Muir, The Wilderness World of John Muir|Every hidden cell is throbbing with music and life, every fiber thrilling like harp strings.
Keith Richards, Life|There's something beautifully friendly and elevating about a bunch of guys playing music together. This wonderful little world that is unassailable. It's really teamwork, one guy supporting the others, and it's all for one purpose, and there's no flies in the ointment, for a while. And nobody conducting, it's all up to you. It's really jazz__that's the big secret. Rock and roll ain't nothing but jazz with a hard backbeat.
Louise Erdrich, The Plague of Doves|The music was more than music- at least what we are used to hearing. The music was feeling itself. The sound connected instantly with something deep and joyous. Those powerful moments of true knowledge that we have to paper over with daily life. The music tapped the back of our terrors, too. Things we'd lived through and didn't want to ever repeat. Shredded imaginings, unadmitted longings, fear and also surprisingly pleasures. No, we can't live at that pitch. But every so often something shatters like ice and we are in the river of our existence. We are aware. And this realization was in the music, somehow, or in the way Shamengwa played it.
Ashly Lorenzana|Fame is not so impossible for people with charisma, passion and talent. Being famous just means you have fans, and even one or two is enough to make you someone special. Ask a music fan who the best guitarist of all time is, and while one group insists that it was Jimmi Hendrix, another group swears that it was Eddie Van Halen instead. There will never be a time when everyone on this planet agrees on something like that, but luckily that's not important. All that matters is that both sides remain loyal, which they will assuming you continue to be who you are and do your thing. This is all that you need to be immortalized.
Melissa Etheridge|I'm so cool that the kids come to my bedroom and go, 'Mom! Turn the music down!
William Wordsworth, The Major Works|I listen'd, motionless and still;And, as I mounted up the hill,The music in my heart I bore,Long after it was heard no more.
Karen Joy Fowler, Sarah Canary|Owls hoot in B flat, cuckoos in D, but the water ousel sings in the voice of the stream. She builds her nest back of the waterfalls so the water is a lullaby to the little ones. Must be where they learn it.
Sydney Smith|If I were to begin life again, I would devote it to music. It is the only cheap and unpunished rapture upon earth. 
Robert Plant|You know, people can't fall in love with me just because I'm good at what I do.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|When Johnson started singing, he seemed like a guy who could have sprung from the head of Zeus in full armor.
Third Day|For the children around the world without a home, say a prayer tonight.
Morrissey|Why don't you find out for yourself?Then you'll see the glass, hidden in the grass.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road: The Original Scroll|In the hall itself the din of the music - for this is the real way to play a jukebox and what it was originally for - was so tremendous that it shattered Dean and Stan and me for a moment in the realization that we had never dared to play music as we wanted, and this was how loud we wanted.
Suze Rotolo, A Freewheelin' Time: A Memoir of Greenwich Village in the Sixties. Suze Rotolo|He stilled my room, for sure.
Gyula Illyés, Once Upon a Time: Forty Hungarian Folk-Tales|There is a folk-tale about a shoemaker and his wife who were so poor that they had to send their many children out into the world to make a living. The lads went through many a perilous adventure but came home in the end, unscathed, to help their mother. They had always remembered their mother's advice and wise words; they often quoted them when they were in trouble, and in fact they recognized one another by them in foreign lands.The countless peoples of the world may be looked upon as so many children sent out into the world. They have gone through many adventures and hardships. They have drifted apart and fallen out with one another, on many occasions. They have failed to realize soon enough that they are brothers.But now it seems that they are beginning to realize this -- at least to the extent that they are able to get acquainted with each other's fundamental natures -- through their stories and songs.
Lorde, Lorde - Pure Heroine Songbook|We've both got a million bad habits to kick, not sleeping is one. We're biting our nails, you're biting my lip, I'm biting my tongue.
Joe Hill, Horns|It bewildered Ig, the idea that a person could not be interested in music. It was like not being interested in happiness.
Karen Mueller Coombs, Bully at Ambush Corner|I’m proud of you, son,” he said. “I guess it has finally sunk in that it’s important to stand up for yourself in this world.”Rocky shook his head. “It’s more important to stand up for someone who can’t stand up for herself,” he had answered.Rocky Ryan speaking with his father.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Noise has one advantage. It drowns out words. And suddenly he realized that all his life he had done nothing but talk, write, lecture, concoct sentences, search for formulations and amend them, so in the end no words were precise, their meanings were obliterated, their content lost, they turned into trash, chaff dust, sand; prowling through his brain, tearing at his head. they were his insomnia, his illness. And what he yearned for at that moment, vaguely, but with all his might, was unbounded music, absolute sound, a pleasant and happy all-encompassing, over-poering, window-rattling din to engulf, once and for all, the pain, the futility, the vanity of words. Music was the negation of sentences, music was the anti-word!
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|Music is everything and nothing. It is useless and no limit can be set on its use. Music takes me to places of illimitable sensual and insensate joy, accessing points of ecstasy that no angelic lover could ever locate, or plunging me into gibbering weeping hells of pain that no torturer could devise. Music makes me write this sort of maundering adolescent nonsense without embarrassment. Music is in fact the dog's bollocks. Nothing else comes close.
The Beatles|Hey Jude, don't make it bad, take a sad song and make it better.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|As one old gentleman put it, " Son, I don't care if you're stark nekkid and wear a bone in your nose. If you kin fiddle, you're all right with me. It's the music we make that counts.
Simon Van Booy, Love Begins in Winter: Five Stories|Music helps us understand where we have come from but, more importantly, what has happened to us.
Karen Mueller Coombs, Bully at Ambush Corner|Life is a chain of choices. Making the correct one is never easy.”“That’s for sure,” agreed Rocky.“But if we didn’t make difficult choices, right or wrong,” said Mr. Veraldi, “we wouldn’t learn anything worth knowing." Rocky Ryan and his viola teacher, Mr. Veraldi, in Bully at Ambush Corner.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|One writes music because winter is eternal and because, if one didn't, the wolves and blizzards will be at one's throat all the sooner.
Lauren Oliver, Hana|This is one of my favorite things about the Underground: the crashing of the cymbals, the screeching guitar riffs, music that moves into the blood and makes you feel hot and wild and alive.
Charlotte Eriksson|My mind is killing me”— The Glass Child, Stuck In My Mind
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|The harp sounds at each passing breeze, but that does not mean the tune is masterfully played.
Jack London, Martin Eden|Who are you, Martin Eden? he demanded of himself in the looking- glass, that night when he got back to his room. He gazed at himself long and curiously. Who are you? What are you? Where do you belong? You belong by rights to girls like Lizzie Connolly. You belong with the legions of toil, with all that is low, and vulgar, and unbeautiful. You belong with the oxen and the drudges, in dirty surroundings among smells and stenches. There are the stale vegetables now. Those potatoes are rotting. Smell them, damn you, smell them. And yet you dare to open the books, to listen to beautiful music, to learn to love beautiful paintings, to speak good English, to think thoughts that none of your own kind thinks, to tear yourself away from the oxen and the Lizzie Connollys and to love a pale spirit of a woman who is a million miles beyond you and who lives in the stars! Who are you? and what are you? damn you! And are you going to make good?
Tiffany Madison|Modern man is full of platitudes about living life to its fullest, with catchy keychain phrases and little plaques for kitchen walls. But if you've never retreated to the solitude of a dark room and listened to Beethoven's Ninth from start to finish, you know nothing. For music is a transcendental exploration of human emotion and experience, the very fabric of life in its purest form. And the Ninth our greatest musical achievement.
Noel Gallagher|Take the time to make some sense for what you wanna say,And cast your words away upon the waves.Sail them home with acquiesce on a ship of hope today,And as they land upon the shore,Tell them not to fear no more.I'm not saying right is wrong,It's up to us to make the best of all the things that come our way.Cos' everything that's been has past,The answers in the looking glass.There's four and twenty million doorsOn life's endless corridor,So say it loud and sing it proud today.
The Wanted|Butterflies, butterfliesThey were meant to flyYou and i, you and iWe were colours in the sky
John Fogerty|Sometimes I think life is just a rodeo, the trick is to ride and make it to the bell.
Dominic Owen Mallary|Hardcore without punk isn't music, it's a genre of porn. And punk isn't a genre of music, it’s a thought process.
3 Doors Down|I won't look back to regret yesterday, we're not handed tomorrow so I'll live for today
Jack White|Music is what I have to do, I only answer the questions so that I can do it.
Megan Lindholm, The Inheritance|Music took her somewhere, and I used to wonder where. I thought it was dumb, the way she lived for a collection of sounds, for someone else's words and notes.
Dana Reinhardt, How to Build a House|The Little Drummer Boy" was playing in the background for what seemed like the third time in a row. I fought off an urge to beat that Little Drummer Boy seneless with his own drumsticks.
Stan Getz|My life is music, and in some vague, mysterious and subconscious way, I have always been driven by a taut inner spring which has propelled me to almost compulsively reach for perfection in music, often - in fact, mostly - at the expense of everything else in my life.
John Powell, How Music Works: The Science and Psychology of Beautiful Sounds, from Beethoven to the Beatles and Beyond|Music without the ebb and flow would be like "watching a film with only good guys in it." -attrib Frank Zappa
Greg Hamerton, Second Sight|How can you understand the language of music, if you will not be an instrument?”—Zarost
Blake Lewis|When people would ask me what I’m addicted to, I always said ‘music.’ And while they’d laugh it off like it’s a cliché, I’m actually a complete shopaholic when it comes to records. I’d literally buy 10 albums a week for years, so when I went to that Virgin Records and it said ‘going out of business,’ my heart stopped.
Steve Almond, Rock and Roll Will Save Your Life: A Book by and for the Fanatics Among Us|The connection being that in my head all language began in song and that the best stories inevitably reutrn to song, to a state of rapture. For years, I had assumed that throwing beautiful words at the page would make my prose feel true. But I had the process exactly backward. It was truth that lifted the language into beauty and toward song. It was a matter of doing what Joe Henry did, of pursuing characters into moments of emotional truth and slowing down. The result was a compression of sensual and psychological detail that released the rhythm and melody in language itself, what Longfellow called "the happy accidents of language.
Blake Lewis|want people to rock out in the car and not care that people are watching, I love that feeling when the sequences are all perfect and you can just press play. I want the music to take you on a journey.
Eddie Vedder|Society, you're a crazy breed.
Nicki Minaj|But had I accepted the pickle juice, I would be drinking pickle juice right now.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Pacific Edge|I grew up in a utopia, I did. California when I was a child was a child's paradise, I was healthy, well fed, well clothed, well housed. I went to school and there were libraries with all the world in them and after school I played in orange groves and in Little League and in the band and down at the beach and every day was an adventure. . . . I grew up in utopia.
Oliver Herford|A kiss is a course of procedure cunningly devised, for the mutual stopage of speech at a moment when words are superfluous.
Lester Bangs|It's not enough just to do those things anymore; what you must do instead if you want success on any large scale is either figure out a way of getting yourself associated in the audience's mind with their pieties and their sense of 'community,' i.e. ram it home that you're one of THEM; or, alternately, deck and bake yourself into an image configuration so blatant or outrageous that you become a culture myth.
Felix Mendelssohn|People usually complain that music is so ambiguous, and what they are supposed to think when they hear it is so unclear, while words are understood by everyone. But for me it is exactly the opposite...what the music I love expresses to me are thoughts not to indefinite for words, but rather too definite.
Ziggy Marley|I just got into the Beatles a couple of years ago, you know, I like it.
Kate Braverman, Small Craft Warnings: Stories|The Peruvian flute music is . . . cool. In this music, they have not yet invented the industrial revolution that leads to excessive punctuality or the failed experiment they call the nuclear family. This is the music of elements, untarnished, unrehearsed.
Peter Perret, A Well-Tempered Mind: Using Music to Help Children Listen and Learn|Our musicians in residence carry this belief into the classroom. They don't think of children's self-esteem as so fragile that it will be shattered by the suggestion that the child guessed wrong or jumped to an invalid conclusion. They make corrections matter-of-factly, with no feeling that a chid is a failure because she has made an error, but with ocnfidence that the feedback will help the child learn and be accurate the next time.
Alice Sebold|She wasn't actually speaking to me, she was singing a kind of lullaby of talk. But, eventually, the music stopped. 
Alexandra Chauran, HerStory: Fiction Honoring Women's History Month|The musician has the most brothers, and the dancer the most sisters.
Paul Beatty, Slumberland|Look, dude, you've sampled your life, mixed those sounds with a funk precedent, and established a sixteen-bar system of government for the entire rhythm nation. Set the Dj up as the executive, the legislative, and judicial branches. I mean, after listening to your beat, anything I've heard on the pop radio in the last five years feels like a violation of my civil rights.
Gregory Maguire, Son of a Witch|To grow a melody?" "You can't grow a melody on purpose,” she said, and slyly added, “you have to plant an accidental.
George Martin, With a Little Help from My Friends: The Making of Sgt. Pepper|We stood there for a minute or two, with John swaying gently against my arm. 'I'm feeling better,' he announced. Then he looked up at the stars. 'Wow..' he intoned. 'Look at that! Isn't that amazing?".I followed his gaze. The stars did look good but they didn't look that good. It was very unlike John to be over the top in that way. I stared at him. He was wired-pin-sharp and quivering, resonating away like a human tuning fork.No sooner had John uttered his immortal words about the stars than George and Paul came bursting out on the roof. They had come tearing up from the studio as soon as they found out where we were. They knew why John was feeling unwell. Maybe everyone else did, too - everyone except for father-figure George Martin here!It was very simple. John was tripping on LSD. He had taken it by mistake, they said - he had meant to take an amphetamine tablet. That hardly made any difference, frankly; the fact was that John was only too likely to imagine he could fly, and launch himself off the low parapet that ran around the roof. They had been absolutely terrified that he might do so. I spoke to Paul about this night many years later, and he confirmed that he and George had been shaken rigid when they found out we were up on the roof. They knew John was having a what you might call a bad trip. John didn't go back to Weybridge that night; Paul took him home to his place, in nearby Cavendish Road. They were intensely close, remember, and Paul would do almost anything for John. So, once they were safe inside, Paul took a tablet of LSD for the first time, 'So I could get with John' as he put it- be with him in his misery and fear.What about that for friendship?
Florence Welch|For someone so conflicted, who am I to give advice to anybody? It’s such a funny, grandiose idea
Francesca Lia Block, Love Magick|Pianos, unlike people, sing when you give them your every growl. They know how to dive into the pit of your stomach and harmonize with your roars when you’ve split yourself open. And when they see you, guts shining, brain pulsing, heart right there exposed in a rhythm that beats need need, need need, need need, pianos do not run. And so she plays.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|The power of music, whether joyous or cathartic must steal on one unawares, come spontaneously as a blessing or a grace--
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|In this Music [the singing of the angels in harmony] the World was begun; for Iluvatar made visible the song of the Ainur,and they beheld it as a light in the darkness.
Aaron Copland, What to Listen for in Music|The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, 'Is there a meaning to music?' My answer would be, 'Yes.' And 'Can you state in so many words what the meaning is?' My answer to that would be, 'No'.
Charles de Lint|Music’s the soundtrack of my life and has been since I was a teenager. There’s always music. If I’m not playing it, I’m listening to it. With my writing…sometimes it inspires a story, sometimes it highlights something I’m working on, sometimes it simply helps me stay in the narrative mood.
Lauren Oliver, Hana|As Steve draws me closer to the band, all I can see is a frenzied mass of seething, writhing people, like a many-headed sea snake, grinding, waving their arms, stamping their feet, jumping. No rules, just energy - so much energy, you could harness it; I bet you could power Portland for a decade. It is more than a wave. It's a tide, an ocean of bodies.
The Wanted|This ain't the heartbreak hotel even though I know it well.Those no shows should you tell in the way you hold yourself.Don't you fret should you get another cancellation, give me a chance and I'll make a permanent reservation.In your heart in your, I can tell you fit one more
David Levithan, Wide Awake|The houses have been condemned on Memory LaneI’m tired of this struggle that leaves everything the sameI’ve tried so hard to make it workthat I’m dying insideWell, you can take my pastBut you can’t have my tomorrowPromises that remain promises are useless and they’re cheapI wish I could put a price on words so I could make them keepI put so much faith in youI lost all my faith in meWell, you can take my pastBut you can’t have my tomorrowI’m giving up on giving upI can’t leave it all to prayer‘Cause the first step in getting betteris knowing what’s not thereYou said you’d make it betterand that just makes it worseWell, you can take my pastBut you can’t have my tomorrowYes, I want my life to lastSo you can’t have my tomorrowNo, you can’t have my tomorrow
Lauren Oliver|My first kiss. A new kind of kiss, like the new kind of music still playing, softly, in the distance - wild and arrhythmic, desperate. Passionate.
Colbie Caillat|A good song should life your heart, warm the soul and make you feel good.
Pete Townshend|Do you realize why is it I'm so driven to operate within the Establishment? It's vengeance. 'Hope I die before I get old' is something I still have to live with, but not for the reason many people think. I have to be very, very vigilant not to become one of those people I despised.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Stranger's Child|There was the noise itself, which he thought of vaguely as the noise of classical music, sameish and rhetorical, full of feelings people surely never had
Bono|One Life, with each other, Sisters, Brothers...
Robert Schumann|If, while at the piano, you attempt to form little melodies, that is very well; but if they come into your mind of themselves, when you are not practising, you may be still more pleased; for the internal organ of music is then roused in you. The fingers must do what the head desires; not the contrary.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|...I have sometimes thought that the mere hearing of those songs would do more to impress some minds with the horrible character of slavery, than the reading of whole volumes of philosophy on the subject could do.I did not, when a slave, understand the deep meaning of those rude and apparently incoherent songs. I was myself within the circle; so that I neither saw nor heard as those without might see and hear. They told a tale of woe which was then altogether beyond my feeble comprehension; they were tones loud, long, and deep; they breathed the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with bitterest anguish. Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God for deliverance from chains. The hearing of those wild notes always depressed my spirit, and filled me with ineffable sadness. I have frequently found myself in tears while hearing them. The mere recurrence to those songs, even now, afflicts me; and while I am writing these lines, an expression of feeling has already found its way down my cheek. To those songs I trace my first glimmering conception of the dehumanizing character of slavery. I can never get rid of that conception. Those songs still follow me, to deepen my hatred of slavery, and quicken my sympathies for my brethren in bonds. If any one wishes to be impressed with the soul-killing effects of slavery, let him go to Colonel Lloyd's plantation, and, on allowance-day, place himself in the deep pine woods, and there let him, in silence, analyze the sounds that shall pass through the chambers of his soul, - and if he is not thus impressed, it will only be because "there is no flesh in his obdurate heart."I have often been utterly astonished, since I came to the north, to find persons who could speak of the singing, among slaves, as evidence of their contentment and happiness. It is impossible to conceive of a greater mistake. Slaves sing most when they are most unhappy. The songs of the slave represent the sorrows of his heart; and he is relieved by them, only as an aching heart is relieved by its tears. At least, such is my experience. I have often sung to drown my sorrow, but seldom to express my happiness. Crying for joy, and singing for joy, were alike uncommon to me while in the jaws of slavery. The singing of a man cast away upon a desolate island might be as appropriately considered as evidence of contentment and happiness, as the singing of a slave; the songs of the one and of the other are prompted by the same emotion.
Kate Mosse, Sepulchre|There is no pattern the human mind can devise that does not exist already within the bounds of nature...Everything we do, see, write, notate, all are an echo of the deep seams of the universe. Music is the invisible world made visible through sound.
Lester Bangs, Main Lines, Blood Feasts, and Bad Taste: A Lester Bangs Reader|if the main reason we listen to music in the first place is to hear passion expressed- as i've believed all my life-then what good is this music going to prove to be? what does that say about us? what are we confirming in ourselves by doting on art that is emotionally neutral? and, simultaneously, what in ourselves might we be destroying or at least keeping down?
ZOEgirl, Zoegirl - Different Kind of Free|Yeah – Sure I rememberMatter of fact it was just last SeptemberShe still calls it the fall to rememberLittle Heather when it all came togetherYou remember the first time you met her?She cried when it rained and blamed the weatherBut inside she strained with suicide lettersThe kind of cold you couldn’t warm with a sweater Hardly lasted past December She said she was headed down to defeat That’s the last you’d seen and never had dreamed That the same little Heather – It’s who you saw last weekIn an instant you couldn’t have missed her gleamAs she listened she looked like a distant queen With a difference, there for all to seeShe found a different – A different kind of free
John Ashbery, Some Trees|The music brought us what it seemed / We had long desired, but in a form / so rarefied there was no emptiness of sensation
Colson Whitehead, Sag Harbor|Two people, two hands, and two songs, in this case "Big Shot" and "Bette Davis Eyes." The lyrics of the two songs provided no commentary, honest or ironic, on the proceedings. They were merely there and always underfoot, the insistent gray muck that was pop culture. It stuck to our shoes and we tracked it through our lives.
Hiroko Sherwin, Eight Million Gods and Demons|He had a clear, lyrical voice and his songs remained in her ears long after the music had ended.
Meat Loaf|Don't worry about the future, sooner or later it's the past. If they say the feeling's gone then it's time to take it back.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|Listen to this, Nimit. Follow Coleman Hawkins' improvised lines very carefully. He is using them to tell us something. Pay very close attention. He is telling us the story of the free spirit that is doing everything it can to escape from within him. That same kind of spirit is inside me, inside you. There--you can hear it, I'm sure: the hot breath, the shivering heart. (Thailand)
Hermann Hesse|The “music of decline” had sounded, as in that wonderful Chinese fable; like a thrumming bass on the organ its reverberations faded slowly out over decades; its throbbing could be heard in the corruption of the schools, periodicals, and universities, in melancholia and insanity among those artists and critics who could still be taken seriously; it raged as untrammeled and amateurish overproduction in all the arts.
Overstreet|I have my own particular sorrows, loves, delights; and you have yours. But sorrow, gladness, yearning, hope, love, belong to all of us, in all times and in all places. Music is the only means whereby we feel these emotions in their universality.
Conway Twitty|A good country song takes a page out of someone's life, and puts it into music.
John Cage, Silence: Lectures and Writings|What is the purpose of writing music? One is, of course, not dealing with purposes but dealing with sounds. Or the answer must take the form of a paradox: a purposeful purposeless or a purposeless play. This play, however, is an affirmation of life--not an attempt to bring order out of chaos nor to suggest improvements in creation, but simply a way of waking up to the very life we’re living, which is so excellent once one gets one’s mind and one’s desires out of its way and lets it act of its own accord.
Björk|Now that rock is turning 50, it's become classical itself. It's interesting to see that development.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Then the bow orchestra began to play an apocalyptically beautiful canon, one of those pieces in which, surely, the composer simply transcribed what was given, and trembled in awe of the hand that was guiding him.
George Michael|Only time will set you free, just like me
Arnold Bennett|Its language is a language which the soul alone understands, but which the soul can never translate. 
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|Years and years ago, I read a great interview with Jam and Lewis, the R&B producers, in which they described what it was like to be members of Prince's band. They'd sit down, and Prince would tell them what he wanted them to play, and they'd explain that they couldn't--they weren't quick enough, or good enough. And Prince would push them and push them until they mastered it, and then just when they were feeling pleased with themselves for accomplishing something they didn't know they had the capacity for, he'd tell them the dance steps he needed to accompany the music.This story has stuck with me, I think, because it seems like an encapsulation of the very best and most exciting kind of creative process.
Joe Boyd, White Bicycles: Making Music in the 1960s|Cops and Robbers in 1965 England was still a kind of Ealing comedy: crimes rarely involved firearms. The denizens of F-wing were losers in a game they had been playing against the cops. In queues for exercise, the constant questions were 'What you in for, mate?', followed by 'What you reckon you'll get?' When Freddie and I responded with 'Suspicion of drug possession' and 'We're innocent, we'll get off' they would burst into laughter, offering: 'Listen, mate, they wouldn't have you in here if they had any intention of letting you off. You're living in dreamland, you are.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|He was waiting for me at the best table in the room, toying with a glass of white wine and listening to the pianist who was playing a piece by Granados with velvet fingers.
Dave   Hill, Prince: A Pop Life|It is as though they simply cannot contemplate the notion of a short, slight man who dresses and moves like a popular (mis)conception of a homosexual being attractive to millions of women.
Quinton Skinner|Led Zep played with light and shade, ear-splitting noise and echoing quiet. They could do it all.
Mariah Carey|I've been working on my craft for a long time. People never want to let go of the whole 'Glitter,'... I'm like, 'It's eight years later, people. Let's move on.
Saumya Mohanty|Music That Brings, The Meaning Of our Life.Music That Shows, The Light From Our Soul.When This Music Touch Our Hear, We call it TRANCE.When This Music Control Our Emotion We call it "THE SENSATION OF TRANCE
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|he was home on his own and listening to the sort of music he needed to listen to when he felt like this, music that seemed to find the sore spot in him and press up hard against it...
Ken Grimwood, Replay|You see, there's some blues for folks ain't never had a thing, and that's a sad blues ... but the saddest kind of blues is for them that's had everything they ever wanted and has lost it, and knows it won't come back no more. Ain't no sufferin' in this world worse than that; and that's the blue we call 'I Had It But It's All Gone Now.
Ronnie Gilbert|Songs are dangerous, songs are subversive and can change your life.
Alice Munro, Friend of My Youth|Her silent singing wrapped around the story she was telling herself, which she extended further every night on the deck. (Averill often told herself stories-- the activity seemed to her as unavoidable as dreaming.) Her singing was a barrier set between the world in her head and the world outside, between her body and the onslaught of the stars.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|When she listened to songs that she loved on the radio, something stirred inside her. A liquid ache spread under her skin, and she walked out of the world like a witch.
Arvo Pärt|You can kill people with sound. And if you can kill, then maybe there is also the sound that is opposite of killing. And the distance between these two points is very big. And you are free--you can choose. In art everything is possible, but everything is not necessary.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Life…was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it’s in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.
Drake|So cry if you need to, but I can't stay to watch you. That's the wrong thing to do. Touch if you need to, but I can't stay to hold you. That's the wrong thing to do.Talk if you need to, but I can't stay to hear you. That's the wrong thing to do. Cause you say you love me, and I'll end up lying and say I love you too.
Hilary McKay, Indigo's Star|I love people who play guitars on roofs!" said Rose, hopping along the pavement in one of her sudden happy moods. "Don't you?""Never knew anyone else who did it!""Don't you like Tom?""Of course I do. But I don't know about all the other guitar-on-roof players! They might be really awful people, with just that one good thing about them. Playing guitars on roofs... or bagpipes... Or drums... Sarah would like that, and Saffy could have the bagpipes! Caddy could have a harp.... What about Mum?""One of those gourds filled with beans!" said Rose at once. "And Daddy could have a grand piano. On a flat roof. With a balcony and pink flowers in pots around the edge! And I'll have a very loud trumpet! What about you?""I'll just listen," said Indigo.
Augustine of Hippo|When it happens that I am more moved by the song than the thing which is sung, I confess that I sin in a manner deserving punishment
Skrillex|I don’t care if he hangs out with Skream/Benga or whoever,” he spat, “it’s just pure nonsense to ruin a hardcore genre with gay synths, chopped chipmunk vocals and cheesy poppy shit just so you can make a shitload of money and be an icon to a fanbase that consists of 13 year old wannabe dubheads and doesn’t know shit about music.
Don Campbell|Music is a holy place, a cathedral so majestic that we can sense the magnificence of the universe.
Anthem Lights|Tragically we’ve forgotten the reason we’re even here at all.Worst still, we remember it’s just that we feel so comfortable.Do we notice, do we even careAll the people that are lost out there?Don’t you remember how it felt ‘til someone showed you the way?
Guy Clark|All these years the people said 'He’s acting like a kid.' He did not know he could not fly, so he did. Well he’s one of those that knows that life is just a leap of faith. So spread your arms, hold your breath and always trust your cape.
Will Boast, Power Ballads|There were no ideas in music, only touch and instinct and sometimes grace—the mechanical tools—and that among those who were given the tools, only a few, a scant few, would be able to tell you something true.
Juxtaposition|I'm in love with a girl who knows me better.Fell for the woman just when I met her.Took my sweet time when I was bitter.Someone understands,She knows how treat a fella right.Give me that feeling every night,She wants show love when I wanna fight,Now someone understand me.
Oliver Sacks, Musicophilia: Tales of Music and the Brain|There is certainly a universal and unconscious propensity to impose a rhythm even when one hears a series of identical sounds at constant intervals... We tend to hear the sound of a digital clock, for example, as "tick-tock, tick-tock" - even though it is actually "tick tick, tick tick.
Jeff Buckley|There is no good singing, there is only present and absent.
Christos Tsiolkas, Loaded|In the three minutes it takes the song to play I'm caught in a magic world of harmony and joy, a truly ecstatic joy, where the aching longing to be somewhere else, out of this city, out of this country, out of this body and out of this life, is kept at bay.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|By the sweet power of music: therefore the poet did feign that Orpheus drew trees, stones and floods; since nought so stockish, hard and full of rage, but music for the time doth change his nature. The man that hath no music in himself, nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils; The motions of his spirit are dull as night and his affections dark as Erebus: Let no such man be trusted. Mark the music.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Here are all these people, full of heartache or hatred or desire, and we all have our troubles and the school year is filled with vulgarity and triviality and consequence, and there are all these teachers and kids of every shape and size, and there's this life we're struggling through full of shouting and tears and fights and break-ups and dashed hopes and unexpected luck -- it all disappears, just like that, when the choir begins to sing. Everyday life vanishes into song, you are suddenly overcome with a feeling of brotherhood, of deep solidarity, even love, and it diffuses the ugliness of everyday life into a spirit of perfect communion.
Victoria Kahler, Capturing the Sunset|The air was warm and heavy as sprinkles began to fall from the clouds high above. The Triton glided through the waters and the whoosh of the ship combined with the steady beat of the rain to make a concerto, like a pianist fluttering his fingers on the keys at one end and running his fingers up and down the scales at the other. Expectancy hung in the air as the tune moved to a crescendo.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|Disco's are tricky. You look a total wally if you dance too early but after one crucial song tips the disco over, you look a sad saddo if you don't.
Peter Bradley Adams|I guess in this culture of ever-shortening attention spans, it's good if a song can lift us out of the madness, even if only for a few minutes.
Alter Bridge|We all fall sometime, you're not the first. I know it hurts. In the end, you'll find what you deserve.
Holly Hood, Ink|You're maybe eighteen. Your mother didn't love you enough so you decided to pierce your lip and brand your body to piss her off. You hang around this band because they make you feel like you belong. And most days you wish you were in a band of your own, but you know that probably will never happen." I met his eyes waiting.I'm twenty. my mother has an assload of tattoos herself, she thinks its art. I have a lip ring because it turns girls on when I do this." He licked his lip, lingering on the metal for a couple intense seconds. My eyes fluttered with nervousness.
Tim Hensley, Wally Gropius|Music is our bidet, man.
Yann Martel, The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios|How does one say in the jargon of musicology that my sould was pulled out of me and thrown up in the air, to be tossed about by the music. How does one say that I breathed, that I existed, in harmony with the ups and downs of those notes. What kind of notes both elevate and cast down, exalt and crush?
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I've never heard of anybody getting rid of their prized Exile postcards, much less actually writing on them and sending them through the mail to a girl. I watched these two, laughing over this story at the same kitchen table they've shared for thirty years. I realize that I will never fully understand the millions of bizarre ways that music brings people together.
Pete Seeger|Well, normally I’m against big things. I think the world is going to be saved by millions of small things. Too many things can go wrong when they get big.” — Pete Seeger (on how he felt about attending his big 90th birthday bash last year)
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|As early as 1930 Schoenberg wrote: "Radio is an enemy, a ruthless enemy marching irresistibly forward, and any resistance is hopeless"; it "force-feeds us music . . . regardless of whether we want to hear it, or whether we can grasp it," with the result that music becomes just noise, a noise among other noises. Radio was the tiny stream it all began with. Then came other technical means for reproducing, proliferating, amplifying sound, and the stream became an enormous river. If in the past people would listen to music out of love for music, nowadays it roars everywhere and all the time, "regardless whether we want to hear it," it roars from loudspeakers, in cars, in restaurants, in elevators, in the streets, in waiting rooms, in gyms, in the earpieces of Walkmans, music rewritten, reorchestrated, abridged, and stretched out, fragments of rock, of jazz, of opera, a flood of everything jumbled together so that we don't know who composed it (music become noise is anonymous), so that we can't tell beginning from end (music become noise has no form): sewage-water music in which music is dying.
Kano|London, London, London town,You can toughen up or get thrown around.
Dave Thompson|Had Kurt Cobain not committed suicide in 1994, would his genius have survived the continuous incisions of a media that was only too proud of its ability to chisel away at his fragile psyche in the years before he decided that he'd had enough off their invasions? And, had Jimi Hendrix not passed way in 1970, would he, too have eventually fallen into decline, first equalled, then eclipsed by the brilliant wave of new guitarists: Robin Trower, Ritchie Blackmore, Mick Ronson, who emerged during the early 1970s? In death, Hendrix led by example: in life he could have been left for the dead.
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|Or maybe memories are like karaoke - where you realize up on the stage, with all those lyrics scrawling across the screen's bottom, and with everybody clapping at you, that you didn't even know the lyrics to your all-time favourite song. Only afterwards, when someone else is up on stage humiliating themselves amid the clapping and laughing, do you realize that what you liked most about your favourite song was precisely your ignorance of its full meaning - and you read more into it than maybe existed in the first place. I think it's better not to know the lyrics to your life.
LaMar Boschman|It’s not the art, it’s the heart. What [God] reads during our worship is the inner attitude. Worship is spiritual; it’s organic; it’s relational.
Steve Almond, Rock and Roll Will Save Your Life: A Book by and for the Fanatics Among Us|Music has become more pervasive and portable than ever. But it feels less previous in the bargain. I don't want to confuse artistic and commercial value, but it's just a fact that some kid who rips an album for free isn't going to give it the same attention he would if it cost him ten bucks. At what point does convenience become spiritual indolence? I realize this makes me sound like an old fart, but sometimes I get nostalgic for the days when the universe of recorded sound wasn't at our fingertips, when we had to hunt and wait and - horror of horrors - do without, when our longing for a particular record or song made it feel sacred.
Billy Talent, Billy Talent II|All we shared was a mattress, and a lie, and an addressBaby I don't need you, well baby I don't need youOnce occupied by a goddess, now it's a room full of boxesShe said, "it's time to leave you" but baby I don't need you! In a perfect world... her face would not existIn a perfect world... a broken heart is fixed
Leila Cobo, Tell Me Something True|She's thinking that what she's been doing all these years isn't what she wants to do anymore. Sometimes music flows to her and from her, but sometimes it doesn't. Lately that happens more and more, and she can't seem to find what she had and what made her special. But she can't tell her father because he'd be so disappointed in her, so disappointed to find out she's not extraordinary after all.
Lester Bangs, Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung|They're events you remember all your life, like your first real orgasm. And the whole purpose of the absurd, mechanically persistent involvement with recorded music is the pursuit of that priceless moment. So it's not exactly that records might unhinge the mind, but rather that if anything is going to drive you up the wall it might as well be a record.
Slash, Anthony Bozza, Slash|Notes and chords have become my second language and, more often than not, that vocabulary expresses what I feel when language fails me. The guitar is my conscience, too - whenever I've lost my way, it's brought me back to center; whenever I forget, it reminds me why I'm here.
Frank Portman, King Dork|It was more like an abortion than music, but he got a wildly enthusiastic response from the crowd. Well, we're all pro-choice out here in Hillmont, after all.
Nick Hornby, Songbook|We have all lived through that shriveling moment when a parent walks into a room and repeats, with sardonic disbelief, a couplet picked up from the stereo or the TV. 'What does that mean, then?' my mother asked me during Top of the Pops. "Get it on / Bang a gong"? How long did it take him to think of that, do you reckon?' And the correct answer - 'Two seconds, and it doesn't matter' - is always beyond you, so you just tell her to shut up, while inside you're hating Marc Bolan for making you like him even though he sings about getting it on and banging gongs.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|We couldn't believe how exciting it was to be together, a pair of young Americruisers on a roll. We'd lived for just twenty-five years; we weren't planning to die for fifty more. We danced and drank and went to rock shows. Our lives were just beginning, our favorite moment was right now, our favorite songs were unwritten.
Nancy Moser, Mozart's Sister|There is much more to playing the clavier than playing written music. Do you realize with accompanying there is often nothing written out but the bass line--the left hand? There might be a few notations as to a suggested harmony, but it is up to me to fill in the music, at the proper volume, style, and harmony for the soloist--often instantly. I've heard it said that Bach questioned wether the soloist or the accompanist deserves the greatest glory.
Claude Lévi-Strauss, Tristes Tropiques|For mile after mile the same melodic phrase rose up in my memory. I simply couldn’t get free of it. Each time it had a new fascination for me. Initially imprecise in outline, it seemed to become more and more intricately woven, as if to conceal from the listener how eventually it would end. This weaving and re-weaving became so complicated that one wondered how it could possibly be unravelled; and then suddenly one note would resolve the whole problem, and the solution would seem yet more audacious than the procedures which had preceded, called for, and made possible its arrival; when it was heard, all that had gone before took on a new meaning, and the quest, which had seemed arbitrary, was seen to have prepared the way for this undreamed-of solution.
Jennifer Egan|And then I notice the music flooding out of every part of the apartment at once — the couch, the walls, even the floor — and I know Bennies alone in Lou’s studio, pouring music down around us. A minute ago it was “Don’t Let Me Down”. Then it was Blondie’s “Heart of Glass”. Now it’s Iggy Pop’s “The Passenger”. Listening, I think, You will never know how much I understand you.
Claude Lévi-Strauss, Tristes Tropiques|From time to time, too, and for the space of two or three paces, an image or an echo would rise up from the recesses of time: in the little streets of the beaters of silver and gold, for instance, there was a clear, unhurried tinkling, as if a djinn with a thousand arms was absent-mindedly practising on a xylophone.
Jack Boulware|The deaf people there with balloons, holding them up and feeling the vibrations of the balloons to the Germs, all these fuckin' great bands, and using these balloons and dancing around. For a tough old punk, it just made your heart -- it gave you that beautiful feeling. They loved the music, and we were making money for them.
Rich Mullins|It's so funny being a Christian musician. It always scares me when people think so highly of Christian music, Contemporary Christian music especially. Because I kinda go, I know a lot of us, and we don't know jack about anything. Not that I don't want you to buy our records and come to our concerts. I sure do. But you should come for entertainment. If you really want spiritual nourishment, you should go to church...you should read the Scriptures.
Frédéric Chopin|Kalkbrenner has made me an offer; that I should study with him for three years, and he will make something really - really out of me. I answered that I know how much I lack; but that I cannot exploit him, and three years is too much. But he has convinced me that I can play admirably when I am in the mood, and badly when I am not; a thing which never happens to him. After close examination he told me that I have no school; that I am on an excellent road, but can slip off the track. That after his death, or when he finally stops playing, there will be no representative of the great piano-forte school. That even if I wish it, I cannot build up a new school without knowing the old one; in a word : that I am not a perfected machine, and that this hampers the flow of my thoughts. That I have a mark in composition; that it would be a pity not to become what I have the promise of being...
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|Partying means drinking. It also means playing records by Lou Reed and Chicago, which I thought was a city but is also a band it turns out.
Edward P. Jones, The Known World|[He] went on to tell her that certain work songs made the work a little easier, but that there were others, depending upon the time of day, that dragged a body down, so 'you just gotta be careful with your songs and your hummin' and whatnot.
Don Campbell, The Mozart Effect: Tapping the Power of Music to Heal the Body, Strengthen the Mind, and Unlock the Creative Spirit|Music is a holy place, a cathedral so majestic that we can sense the magnificence of the universe, and also a hovel so simple and private that none of us can plumb its deepest secrets.
Ray Bradbury|Will any of those men under you ever really understand all this? They're professional cynics, and it's too late for them. Why do you want to go back with them? So you can keep up with the Joneses? To buy a gyro just like the Smith has? To listen to music with your pocketbook instead of your glands?
James  Brown|When I'm on stage, I'm trying to do one thing: bring people joy. Just like church does. People don't go to church to find trouble, they go there to lose it.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|Musicians add to songs and they evolve: For as was true of human effort, there was never advancement. Everything added meant something lost, and about as often as not the thing lost was preferable to the thing gained, so that over time we'd be lucky if we just broke even. Any thought otherwise was empty pride. p. 380
Mary Hughes, Biting Nixie|I cringed as the band oozed into the next chord. If notes were cars, I think there was a D major under the wreckage.
Don Asher, Notes From A Battered Grand: A Memoir|The lower the class of the affair, the more likely the band will be invited to eat.
Marc Cohn|There's a stranger in a car Driving down your street Acts like he knows who you are Slaps his hand on the empty seat and says "Are you gonna get in Or are you gonna stay out?" Just a stranger in a car Might be the one they told you about Well you never were one for cautiousness You open the door He gives you a tender kiss And you can't even hear them no more --All the voices of choices Now only one road remains And strangers in a car Two hearts Two souls Tonight Two lanes You don't know where you're goin' You don't know what you're doin' Hell it might be the highway to heaven And it might be the road to ruin But this is a song For strangers in a car Baby maybe that's all We really are Strangers in a car (Driving down your street) Just strangers in a car (Driving down your street) Strangers in a car
Sarah Winman, A Year of Marvellous Ways|The choir sang and the old man sang and Drake couldn't sing, and suddenly he began to cry because of the music, because of the sound of the boys' voices, because of what they might turn into.
Emma Brockes, What Would Barbra Do?: How Musicals Changed My Life|I have no doubt that, had I actually been growing up in the 1930s or 1940s, I would have been grooving to turn-of-the-century beats.
Vladimir Nabokov|My loathings are simple. stupidity, oppression, crime, cruelty, soft music.
John Millington Synge|A translation is no translation,’ he said, ‘unless it will give you the music of a poem along with the words of it.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky|There is no doubt that even the greatest musical geniuses have sometimes worked without inspiration. This guest (inspiration) does not always respond to the first invitation. We must always work, and a self-respecting artist must not fold his hands on the pretext that he is not in the mood. If we wait for the mood, without endeavouring to meet it half-way, we easily become indolent and apathetic. We must be patient, and believe that inspiration will come to those who can master their disinclination.
Michael  Jackson|How many victims must that be? Slaughtered in vain across the land,And how many strugles must that be?Before we choose to live the profits planEverybody sing- Every day create your History,Every path you take you're leaving your legacyEvery soldier dies in his gloryEvery legend tells of conquest and liberty.
Terry Pratchett, Snuff|They say that the eyes of some paintings can follow you around the room, a fact that I doubt, but I am wondering whether some music can follow you for ever.
Lynn Weingarten, The Secret Sisterhood of Heartbreakers|‎"The less random stuff you hear about, the more room in your ears for music, that's what I always say" -Paisley
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Well," he said with equanimity, "you see, in my opinion there is no point at all in talking about music. I never talk about music. What reply, then, was I to make to your very able and just remarks? You were perfectly right in all you said. But, you see, I am a musician, not a professor, and I don't believe that, as regards music, there is the least point in being right. Music does not depend on being right, on having good taste and education and all that.""Indeed. Then what does it depend on?""On making music, Herr Haller, on making music as well and as much as possible and with all the intensity of which one is capable. That is the point, Monsieur. Though I carried the complete works of Bach and Haydn in my head and could say the cleverest things about them, not a soul would be the better for it. But when I take hold of my mouthpiece and play a lively shimmy, whether the shimmy be good or bad, it will give people pleasure. It gets into their legs and into their blood. That's the point and that alone. Look at the faces in a dance hall at the moment when the music strikes up after a longish pause, how eyes sparkle, legs twitch and faces begin to laugh. That is why one makes music.
Dejan Stojanovic|To transform a grimace into a sound sounds impossible, yet it is possible to transform a vision into music, to go outside an enslaved personality, to become impersonal by transforming into sand, into water, into light.
Jodi Meadows, Incarnate|I closed my eyes during a flute solo, wishing I could wrap the silvery sound around me like armor.
Craig Raine|He was making music - Howells, Finzi, Holst - so you could see the sounds in the serried air.Serried. Then just as suddenly empty when his sound-proof right hand closed off the notes.
Abrar Ahmed chowdhury| Lyrics belongs to us ina specific language, but music is universal.
Nancy  Young, Strum|There are many ties that bind, and as many walls that divide. Music and madness. Love and unending time. Race and war. Strum weaves together each element into a larger human tapestry of light and shadow, where a combination of fate and decision can define a family's legacy.
Tony Wilson, 24-Hour Party People|Pong had mutated into large stand-up Sega consoles by '82 and here was some extra revenue the guys were well up for. So the space on the left of the entrance was to be the games room. Until two weeks to opening."Where's the cloakroom?""The what?""The cloakroom, the fucking cloakroom.""What's your problem?""We don't have a cloakroom. We have special polished South African granite bar tops that we haven't told Erasmus about 'cause he has a thing about apartheid, we have a balcony balustrade made of shaped QE-fucking-2 mahogany, but we seem to have built an entire club without a cloakroom.""Fuck."Hence you did not pass the games room but the cloakroom, the only cloakroom in the Manchester with forty-two power points. if you ever wanted to do a bit of ironing, these people were there for you.
Tony Wilson, 24-Hour Party People|Honouring the youth of their town they provided a décor that a £20-a-Martini fleecing parlour could not have amortized. They had bought eighty low Alvar Aalto stools for the alcove and coctail bar seating. Also, twenty tall numbers in the same bent bleach wood classic style. Extremely expensive and brought in from Finland at equally great expense.And in the first twelve months, ninety percent had disappeared. Compared to the catastrophic damage done every other week to one of the toilets just off the main dance floor --the level of masonry demolition going deep into the floor implied the use of a full-sized pneumatic drill-- the loss of a bunch of stools was incidental.The fact that thirty-two then turned up in New Order's rehearsal room was therefore coincidental. If you couldn't join in the public in stealing from your own club, what was the point of opening it?
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|The string slices into the skin of his fingers and no matter how tough the calluses, it tears. But this beat is fast and even though his joints are aching, his arm's out of control like it has a mind of its own and the sweat tat drenches his hair and face seems to smother him, but nothing's going to stop Tom. He;s aiming for oblivion.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Simply handing over your iPod to a friend, your blind date, or the total stranger sitting next to you on the plane opens you up like a book." (Steven Levy)
Billy Crystal|That’s the thing about jazz: it’s free flowing, it comes from your soul.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey|Bowman was aware of some changes in his behavior patterns; it would have been absurd to expect anything else in the circumstances. He could no longer tolerate silence; except when he was sleeping, or talking over the circuit to Earth, he kept the ship's sound system running at almost painful loudness. / At first, needing the companionship of the human voice, he had listened to classical plays--especially the works of Shaw, Ibsen, and Shakespeare--or poetry readings from Discovery's enormous library of recorded sounds. The problems they dealt with, however, seemed so remote, or so easily resolved with a little common sense, that after a while he lost patience with them. / So he switched to opera--usually in Italian or German, so that he was not distracted even by the minimal intellectual content that most operas contained. This phase lasted for two weeks before he realized that the sound of all these superbly trained voices was only exacerbating his loneliness. But what finally ended this cycle was Verdi's Requiem Mass, which he had never heard performed on Earth. The "Dies Irae," roaring with ominous appropriateness through the empty ship, left him completely shattered; and when the trumpets of Doomsday echoed from the heavens, he could endure no more. / Thereafter, he played only instrumental music. He started with the romantic composers, but shed them one by one as their emotional outpourings became too oppressive. Sibelius, Tchaikovsky, Berlioz, lasted a few weeks, Beethoven rather longer. He finally found peace, as so many others had done, in the abstract architecture of Bach, occasionally ornamented with Mozart. / And so Discovery drove on toward Saturn, as often as not pulsating with the cool music of the harpsichord, the frozen thoughts of a brain that had been dust for twice a hundred years.
Jess C. Scott, SVEN, Incubus Story.02|He knows how to market himself well. Nowadays, that's all that seems to count. He's rebellious in a way that appeals to people with vain, shallow taste. So of course he manipulates his audiences with the blessing of his recording company and the financial investors behind his brand.
Etta James|I wanna show that gospel, country, blues, rhythm and blues, jazz, rock ‘n’ roll are all just really one thing. Those are the American music and that is the American culture.
Thousand Foot Krutch|I'm an alien 'cause I'm not of this world. I have a name but I've been changed and now I can't stay the same.And I'm a loser if that means I've been lost before...I'm a monster if that means I'm misunderstood. 'Cause it's alive and I can't hide it. The energy is rising.And I'm a traitor if that means I've turned on myself. I can't deny it, it's like a riot. I can't keep it quiet.
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|You can't speak Music with notes alone, but you can speak Music without notes at all!
Elizabeth Kerner|The Song of the Winged Ones is a song of celebration, written as though the singer were standing on the Dragon Isle watching the dragons flying in the sun. The words are full of wonder at the beauty of the creatures; and there is a curious pause in the middle of one of the stanzas near the end, where the singer waits a full four measures in silence for those who listen to hear the music of distant dragon wings. It seldom fails to bring echoes of something beyond the silence, and is almost never performed because many bards fear it.I love it.
Gregory Maguire, The Next Queen of Heaven|There was something about words and music together that allowed people to get nearest to honest truth about what was most difficult to say. Paradoxically, only through the essential instantaneity of music could you approach its eternal pertinence.
Eartha Kitt|When I played Lady Day, I took Aba onstage with me as a joke. He started singing—in tune!—and the audience loved it.Eartha Kitt, when asked what tricks her poodle did.
Pete Townshend|The Who got paid 4000 pounds during those days, but we always smashed our equipment that cost more than 5000 pounds.
Zooey Deschanel|I think my knowledge of music theory is rooted in jazz theory, and a lot of the writers of standards – Rodgers and Hart, and Gershwin.
Louis Armstrong|Man, if you have to ask what it [jazz] is, you’ll never know.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Natasha, with a vigorous turn from her heel on to her toe, walked over to the middle of the room and stood still... Natasha took the first note, her throat swelled, her bosom heaved, a serious expression came into her face. She was thinking of no one and of nothing at that moment, and from her smiling mouth poured forth notes, those notes that anyone can produce at the same intervals, and hold for the same length of time, yet a thousand times leave us cold, and the thousand and first time they set us thrilling and weeping.
Henry Mancini, Did They Mention the Music?: The Autobiography of Henry Mancini|With the new technology that keeps entering the media, film composers are constantly being placed in new learning situations. Acknowledging this and realizing that one must keep up, I maintain, nonetheless, that the real creative power is in the mind and heart of the composer.
Nathan Squiers, Death Metal|Brian came in heavy at that moment on his guitar, the rapid, high-pitched squeal ranging back and forth as his fingers flew along the frets. As the intro's tempo grew more rapid, Bekka heard Derek's subtle bass line as it worked its way in. After another few seconds Will came in, slow at first, but racing along to match the others' pace. When their combined efforts seemed unable to get any heavier, David jumped into the mix.As the sound got nice and heavy, Bekka began to rock back-and-forth onstage. In front of her, hundreds of metal-lovers began to jump and gyrate to their music. She matched their movements for a moment, enjoying the connection that was being made, before stepping over to the keyboard that had been set up behind her. Sliding her microphone into an attached cradle, she assumed her position and got ready. Right on cue, all the others stopped playing, throwing the auditorium into an abrupt silence. Before the crowd could react, however, Bekka's fingers began to work the keys, issuing a rhythm that was much softer and slower than what had been built up. The audience's violent thrash-dance calmed at that moment and they began to sway in response.Bekka smiled to herself.This is what she lived for.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Jobs had begun to drop acid by then, and he turned Brennan on to it as well, in a wheat field just outside Sunnyvale. "It was great," he recalled. "I had been listening to a lot of Bach. All of a sudden the whole field was playing Bach. It was the most wonderful feeling of my life up to that point. I felt like the conductor of this symphony with Bach coming through the wheat.
Bret Easton Ellis, Glamorama|The Dave Matthews Band’s “Crash into Me” played over the montage, not that the lyrics had anything to do with the images the song was played over but it was “haunting”, it was “moody”, it was “summing things up”, it gave the footage an “emotional resonance” that I guess we were incapable of capturing ourselves. At first my feelings were basically so what? But then I suggested other music: “Hurt” by Nine Inch Nails, but I was told that the rights were sky-high and that the song was “too ominous” for this sequence; Nada Surf’s “Popular” had “too many minor chords”, it didn’t fit the “mood of the piece,” it was – again – “too ominous.” When I told them I seriously did not think things could get any more fucking ominous than they already were, I was told, “Things get very much more ominous, Victor,” and then I was left alone.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Did you hear what I was playing, Lane?I didn't think it polite to listen, sir.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|That innate love of melody, which she had inherited from her ballad-singing mother, gave the simplest music a power which could well-nigh drag her heart out of her bosom at times.
Kenneth Patchen, Poemscapes|Destiny is the music of the improbable. Were it otherwise, almost anyone could exist.
Eddie Lenihan|There'll be no more music, Father. But there'll be this!" He stepped into the dark, picked up the knife, and held it under their noses. "Go home. Tell your people what you saw and heard here tonight. And tell 'em that anyone we catch on these roads after dark anymore... this is what they'll get. Now that I know we're never to see the face o' God, we have nothing to lose. So, make sure you have your message right, Father, 'cause there'll be no other warning.
Gloria Smith|Got to go sing in a few minutes... no, that's GOT to go sing in a few minutes, as in... GOT TO GO SING in a few minutes... hahaha It's an all consuming compassion/obsession... a drawing... a wonderful bliss... a union of soul and spirit, of notes and voice, of all of life's vibrating essence. String theory... all of life is vibrating, is alive, and the life of that essence is music itself!!
Flight of the Conchords, Flight of the Conchords|You know when I'm down to my socks it's time for businessThat's why they're called business socksIt's business, it's business time
Kyle Gann|My teacher, Ben Johnston, was convinced that our tuning is responsible for much of our cultural psychology, the fact that we are so geared toward progress and action and violence and so little attuned to introspection, contentment, and acquiescence. Equal temperament could be described as the musical equivalent to eating a lot of red meat and processed sugars and watching violent action films. The music doesn't turn your attention inward, it makes you want to go out and work off your nervous energy on something.
Eddie Whitlock, Evil Is Always Human|Toward the end, a band that had a young fellow from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—I remember on account of him saying it two or three times and laughing every time that he did—played a song called 'All She Gets from the Iceman is Ice.' It made the grown folks, most of them anyway, howl laughing. I don’t think I ever seen Mama laugh so hard. When it was about over, the sheriff come up and made them stop playing it, but he was grinning, too, so I figured he was just making them stop as part of the show.
The Boston Globe|Robert Kapilow is a born teacher, an enthusiast who can think on his feet, a 110 percent believer in the project at hand ... It’s a cheering thought that this kind of missionary enterprise did not pass from this earth with Leonard Bernstein. Robert Kapilow is awfully good at what he does. We need him.
Nick Coleman|I don't know how you hear music. I imagine that if you like music at all then it has, in your head, some kind of third dimension to it, a dimension suggesting space as well as surface, depth of field as well as texture.Speaking for myself, I used to hear "buildings"... three-dimensional forms of architectural substance and tension. I did not "see" these buildings in the classic synaesthetic way so much as sense them. These forms had "floors", "walls", "roofs", "windows", "cellars". They expressed volume. Music to me has always been a handsome three-dimensional container, a vessel, as real in its way as a Scout hut or a cathedral or a ship, with an inside and an outside and subdivided internal spaces.I'm absolutely certain that this "architecture" had everything to do with why music has always exerted such a hold over me. I think music was the structure in which I learned to contain and then examine emotion.
Kevin Dalton|If I had some of Jesus' tools, I'd build a big house that has no rules. And a bed that's big enough for 13 babies, and me & Miss Olivia Brown.
Laura Schenone, The Lost Ravioli Recipes of Hoboken: A Search for Food and Family|On the boardwalk the arcade jukebox plays all night surrounded by teenagers--sometimes twenty bodies deep, bare-skinned and full of energy for the music, for one another, for life, for the little bit of freedom they taste in the salt air and their skin. My father finds his place in this crowd. They are a force together. They don't do drugs. They don't drink. But they do music, and their power comes from their numbers and the thrill of being young on the beach at night.
Douglas Coupland, Generatie X: Vertellingen voor een versnelde cultuur|I'd sooner have died than admit that the most valuable thing I owned was a fairly extensive collection of German industrial music dance mix EP records stored for even further embarrassment under a box of crumbling Christmas tree ornaments in a Portland, Oregon basement. So I told him I owned nothing of any value.
Simon Cheshire, Plastic Fantastic|You can't be like pop stars, but you can be part of their story. You can be their fan.
Rob Halford|Thousands of cars and a million guitarsScreaming with power in the air!We've found the place where the decibels raceThis army of rock will be thereTo ram it downRam it down!Straight to the heart of this town.Ram it down.Ram it down.Razing the place to the ground,Ram it down!
Walt Whitman|Song of myselfWith music strong I come, with my cornets and my drums, I play not marches for accepted victors only, I play marches for conquer'd and slain persons. Have you heard that it was good to gain the day? I also say it is good to fall, battles are lost in the same spirit in which they are won. I beat and pound for the dead, I blow through my embouchures my loudest and gayest for them. Vivas to those who have fail'd! And to those whose war-vessels sank in the sea! And to those themselves who sank in the sea! And to all generals that lost engagements, and all overcome heroes! And the numberless unknown heroes equal to the greatest heroes known!
Theodor W. Adorno, Essays on Music|They [the critics] deal with Schoenberg’s early works and all their wealth by classifying them, with the music-historical cliché, as late romantic post-Wagnerian. One might just as well dispose of Beethoven as a late-classicist post-Haydnerian.
Guster, Guster: A Collection of Songs|Shining like a work of artHanging on a wall of starsAre you what I think you are?You're my satelliteYou're riding with me tonightPassenger side, lighting the skyAlways the first star that I findYou're my satelliteElevator to the moonWhistling our favorite tuneTrying to get a closer viewYou're my satelliteYou're riding with me tonightPassenger side, lighting the skyAlways the first star that I findYou're my satelliteMaybe you will always beJust a little out of reach
Franz Liszt|Brahms' Variations are better than mine, but mine were written before his.
Fern Schumer Chapman, Motherland: Beyond the Holocaust: A Mother-Daughter Journey to Reclaim the Past|The living take a part of the dead with them, carrying them around in their minds, like a song that lingers after the music has been turned off.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer|Emblematic of this era was the prolific Viennese surgeon Theodor Billroth. Born in 1821, Billroth studied music and surgery with almost equal verve. (The professions still often go hand in hand. Both push manual skill to its limit; both mature with practice and age; both depend on immediacy, precision, and opposable thumbs.)
Christopher Hitchens, The Enemy|Shrouded as he was for a decade in an apparent cloak of anonymity and obscurity, Osama bin Laden was by no means an invisible man. He was ubiquitous and palpable, both in a physical and a cyber-spectral form, to the extent that his death took on something of the feel of an exorcism. It is satisfying to know that, before the end came, he had begun at least to guess at the magnitude of his 9/11 mistake. It is essential to remember that his most fanatical and militant deputy, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, did not just leave his corpse in Iraq but was isolated and repudiated even by the minority Sunnis on whose presumed behalf he spilled so much blood and wrought such hectic destruction. It is even more gratifying that bin Laden himself was exposed as an excrescence on the putrid body of a bankrupt and brutish state machine, and that he found himself quite unable to make any coherent comment on the tide—one hopes that it is a tide, rather than a mere wave—of demand for an accountable and secular form of civil society. There could not have been a finer affirmation of the force of life, so warmly and authentically counterposed to the hysterical celebration of death, and of that death-in-life that is experienced in the stultifications of theocracy, where womanhood and music and literature are stifled and young men mutated into robotic slaughterers.
Walt Whitman|Song of myselfNow I will do nothing but listen, To accrue what I hear into this song, to let sounds contribute toward it. I hear bravuras of birds, bustle of growing wheat, gossip of flames, clack of sticks cooking my meals, I hear the sound I love, the sound of the human voice, I hear all sounds running together, combined, fused or following, Sounds of the city and sounds out of the city, sounds of the day and night, Talkative young ones to those that like them, the loud laugh of work-people at their meals, The angry base of disjointed friendship, the faint tones of the sick, The judge with hands tight to the desk, his pallid lips pronouncing a death-sentence, The heave'e'yo of stevedores unlading ships by the wharves, the refrain of the anchor-lifters, The ring of alarm-bells, the cry of fire, the whirr of swift-streaking engines and hose-carts with premonitory tinkles and color'd lights, The steam-whistle, the solid roll of the train of approaching cars, The slow march play'd at the head of the association marching two and two, (They go to guard some corpse, the flag-tops are draped with black muslin.) I hear the violoncello, ('tis the young man's heart's complaint,) I hear the key'd cornet, it glides quickly in through my ears, It shakes mad-sweet pangs through my belly and breast. I hear the chorus, it is a grand opera, Ah this indeed is music--this suits me.
Sandy Ward Bell, In Zoey's Head|The powerful chords that emanated from the radio heated me from the inside out, like a microwave.
Dave Thompson, Red Hot Chili Peppers: By the Way: The Biography|We live in a world packed with desensitising forces, that strip the world of magic. The world is full of negativity, but we fight back with positivity. We're inspired by oceans, forests, animals, Marx Brothers films. We can't help but project uplifting vibrations, because we love each other so much and get off on playing together.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|She observed the dumb-show by which her neighbour was expressing her passion for music, but she refrained from copying it. This was not to say that, for once that she had consented to spend a few minutes in Mme. de Saint-Euverte's house, the Princesse des Laumes would not have wished (so that the act of politeness to her hostess which she had performed by coming might, so to speak, 'count double') to shew herself as friendly and obliging as possible. But she had a natural horror of what she called 'exaggerating,' and always made a point of letting people see that she 'simply must not' indulge in any display of emotion that was not in keeping with the tone of the circle in which she moved, although such displays never failed to make an impression upon her, by virtue of that spirit of imitation, akin to timidity, which is developed in the most self-confident persons, by contact with an unfamiliar environment, even though it be inferior to their own. She began to ask herself whether these gesticulations might not, perhaps, be a necessary concomitant of the piece of music that was being played, a piece which, it might be, was in a different category from all the music that she had ever heard before; and whether to abstain from them was not a sign of her own inability to understand the music, and of discourtesy towards the lady of the house; with the result that, in order to express by a compromise both of her contradictory inclinations in turn, at one moment she would merely straighten her shoulder-straps or feel in her golden hair for the little balls of coral or of pink enamel, frosted with tiny diamonds, which formed its simple but effective ornament, studying, with a cold interest, her impassioned neighbour, while at another she would beat time for a few bars with her fan, but, so as not to forfeit her independence, she would beat a different time from the pianist's.
Iggy Pop, I Need More|I've probably been spit on more that any person alive outside of, I would say, a member of the prison system.
Hanson|We have seen year after year the passion you have for music, and the way you have always been incredibly passionate fans, even though Hanson has not always been the coolest thing to be into.
Simon Cheshire, Plastic Fantastic|I suppose what I mean is, I never felt like I was part of a gang. No, that's the wrong word. Part of a MOVEMENT! That's it. It feels like there's a swirling, shining wind of change sweeping right at you, sweeping over everyone, and you're inside it. It feels like there is something that transcends you, that goes beyond whatever you are, that is great and whole and good. Great, because when it all comes together it's so much more than all its individual pieces. Whole because you're part of it and if you weren't, then both you and it would be diminished. Good because at its core is pure talent and skill, like you know you'll never have yourself.
Gorillaz, Gorillaz: Rise of the Ogre|Accusing us of being a gimmick is a bit like accusing Jesus Christ of having ‘a bit of a messiah complex’. True, maybe, but when faced with the undeniable genius of what we put out, does that really still matter?
Bob Mould, See A Little Light: The Trail of Rage and Melody|It reset and mended my freshly damaged and distorted view of life, and made me recognize that this thing we call music, this primal expression that we reshape and refine and define ourselves with, is the gift I was given. The ability to communicate what others feel but cannot fully express, the passing down and around of songs and stories, from Pete Townshend to Joey Ramone to me, to the audiences who take the time and effort to support our work and give us a way to support ourselves -- I'm thinking this is what I am supposed to be doing.
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|Out of the choked Devonian waters emerged sight and sound and the music that rolls invisible through the composer's brain. They are there still in the ooze along the tideline, though no one notices. The world is fixed, we say: fish in the sea, birds in the air. But in the mangrove swamps by the Niger, fish climb trees and ogle uneasy naturalists who try unsuccessfully to chase them back to the water. There are things still coming ashore. 
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|For the first time in four billion years a living creature had contemplated himself and heard with a sudden, unaccountable loneliness, the whisper of the wind in the night reeds.
Mark E. Smith, Renegade|I knew it was coming. I knew they didn't have the nerve.Three days in and they've got faces like vexed tomatoes, their skins flaking sci-fi style: burnt to fuck. They were an embarrassment; not only to me and the wife and The Fall fans but to their own generation.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|The only bit I have pictured in any detail is the music (maybe 'The Book of Love' by the Magnetic Fields. Or Johnny Cash's 'It Ain't Me, Babe'). It doesn't matter if the selection is slow or fast, but couples shouldn't scramble to select it. If you have ever gone dancing or on a road trip or had a romantic bout of serenaded sex on a winter night, you should have a few to pick from. If not, you probably shouldn't be getting married.
Joseph Haydn|I tell you before God, and as an honest man, your son is the greatest composer known to me by person and repute, he has taste and what is more the greatest skill in composition." (Said to Leopold Mozart)
Arthur Phillips, The Song Is You|But no, music lasted longer than anything it inspired. After LPs, cassettes, and CDs, when matrimony was about to decay into its component elements—alimony and acrimony—the songs startled him and regained all their previous, pre-Rachel meanings, as if they had not only conjured her but then dismissed her, as if she had been entirely their illusion. He listened to the old songs again, years later on that same dark promenade, when every CD he had ever owned sat nestled in that greatest of all human inventions, the iPod, dialed up and yielding to his fingertip’s tap. The songs now offered him, in exchange for all he had lost, the sensation that there was something still to long for, still, something still approaching, and all that had gone before was merely prologue to an unimaginably profound love yet to seize him. If there was any difference now, it was only that his hunger for music had become more urgent, less a daily pleasure than a daily craving.
Marina Lewycka, Two Caravans|With a feeling of despondency so intense that it was almost pleasurable, he got out his guitar.So this was to be his condition now.What was he but a fragment of broken churned-uphumanity washed up on this faraway shore? This was where his journey had brought him.... There mus be a song in this...
Joseph Haydn|I tell you before God, and as an honest man, your son (W A Mozart)is the greatest composer known to me by person and repute, he has taste and what is more the greatest skill in composition.
Jimmy Page|I may not believe in myself, but I believe in what I'm doing.
Hans Zimmer|If somebody tells you there's a rule, break it.
Ted Gioia, How to Listen to Jazz|By the way, this tells you why Auto-Tuned vocals on many contemporary records sound so shallow and lifeless. It’s almost as if everything we learned from African American music during the twentieth century was thrown out the window by technologies in the twenty-first century. The goal should not be to sing every note dead center in the middle of the pitch---we escaped from that musical prison a hundred years ago. Why go back? In an odd sort of way, much of contemporary pop music resembles opera, with all the subtle shadings of bent notes and microtonal alterations abandoned in the quest for mathematically pure tones.
Ted Gioia, How to Listen to Jazz|In every sphere of social interaction, that hermeneutic leap—that ability to put yourself in the mind frame of the other—is a virtue and a blessing.
Sage Steadman, Ann, Not Annie|A memory of her father flitted through her consciousness. The time he played a slow, melodic tune on the saxophone in the misty rain of the yard on a summer’s night, surrounded by the patio’s twinkling lights. She remembered peering out the window and feeling like she was catching a glimpse of another world. One that was timeless and majestic. She touched his saxophone after that as if she were touching the hand of God, wishing to hold onto that feeling forever.
Claire North, The End of the Day|Words are made by history, we build them and they change meaning through time, but the music they play...
Andreï Makine, Music of a Life|As his hands fell upon the keyboard, it was still possible to believe a beautiful harmony had been formed at random, in spite of him. But a second later the music came surging out, the power of it sweeping away all doubts, voices, sounds, wiping away the fixed grins and exchanged glances, pushing back the walls, dispersing the light of the reception room out into the nocturnal immensity of the sky beyond the windows.He did not feel as if he were playing. He was advancing through a night, breathing in its delicate transparency, made up as it was of an infinite number of facets of ice, of leaves, of wind. He no longer felt any pain. No fear about what would happen. No anguish or remorse. The night through which he was advancing expressed this pain, this fear, and the irremediable shattering of the past, but this had all become music and now only existed through its beauty.
Ted Gioia, How to Listen to Jazz|When stealing from other players, an older musician wisely advised me, choose a different instrument from your own, and people won’t notice the theft.
Anonymous|Viva fui in silvis sum dura occisa securi dum vixi tacui mortua dulce cano” is inscribed on the fingerboard of a 16th-century viola da gamba made by Kaspar Tieffenbrucker. It translates, “I was alive in the woods; I was cut down by the cruel axe. While I lived I was silent; In death I sweetly sing.
Toscanini|Music is either good or it isn’t, it’s not someone’s opinion.
Claude Debussy|There is no theory. You have only to listen. Pleasure is the law. I love music passionately. And because l love it, I try to free it from barren traditions that stifle it. It is a free art gushing forth — an open-air art, boundless as the elements, the wind, the sky, the sea. It must never be shut in and become an academic art.
Favel Parrett, When the Night Comes|Bo put a record on the stereo and the speakers crackled, that moment of anticipation before the needle found its way to the first song.An organ, in rhythm. A chord. “I Heard It Through the Grapevine.”Mum cheered. It was her favorite, the soundtrack to a movie called The Big Chill.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Music , literature with poetry makes a perfect paradise.
Gayendra Abeywardane, Broken Maps to Miniature Flights|Some guy on the radio is asking me to take it slow, switches to a commercial and I wait for the next song. Feel very much in need of getting lost in speed of electric notes.
Brenda Sutton Rose|These babies ain’t just guitars; these babies are living, breathing instruments.
Brenda Sutton Rose|When you scratch these guitars, they bleed.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Rainbow on the inside!” He giggles. “Can you imagine if we all took them for Pride? Dozens of us. Hundreds. Thousands? All of us marching, rainbow to the core?
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|In a roundabout way, Boba Fett created Pearl Jam.
Anonymous|Inscribed on the fingerboard of a viola da gamba by Kaspar Tieffenbrucker: "Viva fui in silvis sum dura occisa securi dum vixi tacui mortua dulce cano." (I was alive in the woods; I was cut down by the cruel axe. While I lived I was silent; In death I sweetly sing.)
Gabriel García Márquez, The General in His Labyrinth|That night in Cartagena he again requested the songs of his youth, some so old he had to teach them to Iturbide, who was too young to remember them. The audience slipped away as the General bled inside, and he was left alone with Iturbide beside the embers.
Katherine Rundell, Rooftoppers|If music can shine, Sophie thought, this music shone... 'It's like eight thousand birds, Charles!'When the music closed, she clapped until the rest of the audience had stopped and until her hands were hot and blotched with red... There was something in the music that felt familiar to Sophie. 'It feels,' she said to Charles, 'like home.
Echo and the Bunnymen, Echo And The Bunnymen|In starlit nights I saw you,So cruelly you kissed me.Your lips a magic world,Your sky all hung with jewels.The killing moonWill come too
Skillet|You can take my heart, you can take my breath when you pry it from my cold, dead chest.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|Katsumi Hosokawa - (he) believed that life, true life, was something that was stored in music.
Hans Zimmer|If somebody tells you a rule, break it. That's the only way to move things forward.
Michelle Falkoff, Playlist for the Dead|I would never understand how hurt and confused and hopeless he must have felt, to decide it wasn't worth trying, and I wasn't mad at him anymore for doing it...
Suzette Vearnon|BE the music, DO the math, HAVE the dream!
Steven Hyden, Your Favorite Band Is Killing Me: What Pop Music Rivalries Reveal About the Meaning of Life|If you're reading this book, there is probably an artist or band whose music you have an intense personal relationship with. I would also guess that this artist or band came into your life during a time when you were highly vulnerable. if this is the case, this artist or band might be the closest thing you had to a confidant. in fact, he, she, or it was better than a confidant, because his/her/its music articulated your own thoughts and feeling better than you ever could. This music elevated the raw materials of your life to the heights of art and poetry. It made you feel as if your personal experience was grander and more meaningful than it might otherwise have been. And naturally you attributed whatever that music was doing to your heart and brain to the people who made the music, and you came to believe that the qualities of the music were also true of the music's creators. "If this music understands me, then the people behind the music must also understand me," goes this line of thought.
Alexander Chee, Edinburgh|Sappho isn't really meant to be read. It's meant to be sung and there were dances for the songs, also. Sappho was a performance artist, and now she exists as a textual project. She was saved by her critics, and by people who wrote of her in letters to each other. As the morning sun lathers the pool through the long windows and stripes the opposite walls in gold, I look at the fragment translations. She's paper, too. A paper poet for a paper boy. People claim to be translating her but they don't, really, they use her to write poems from as they fill in the gaps in the fragments. A duet. She may have meant for these to be solos but they're duets now, though the second singer blends in with the first. The first singer in this case is offstage, like in the old days of stars who couldn't sing, a real singer hidden behind a curtain, which is the velvet drape of history.
RateYourMusic|sombre, anxious, melancholic, atmospheric, surreal, cold, lonely, cryptic, abstract, apathetic, male vocals, mysterious, dark, nocturnal, complex, mechanical, progressive, lush, disturbing'Descriptors' - Radiohead - Amnesiac
Sami Abouzid|It’s always Fun, Honor And a great Pleasure Creating Italo- Disco Music ……. Creatures of the Night ( Italo – Soundtrack Mix )
Alina Popescu|If you are all set for an enjoyable weekend then simply head towards the magnificent Her Majesty’s Theatre! The popular London Westend theatre is running the award winning London show, The Phantom of the Opera with packed houses. The show has already made its remarkable entry into its third decade. The blockbuster London show by Andrew Lloyd Webber is a complete treat for music lovers. The popular show has won several prestigious awards. The show is set against the backdrop of gothic Paris Opera House. The show revolves around soprano Christine Daae who is enticed by the voice of Phantom. The show features some of the heart touching and spell binding musical numbers such as 'The Music of the Night', 'All I Ask of You' and the infamous title track, The Phantom of the Opera. The Phantom of the Opera is a complete audio visual treat for theatre lovers. In the year 1986, the original production made its debut at the Her Majesty's Theatre featuring Michael Crawford and Sarah Brightman. Sarah was then wife of composer Andrew Lloyd Webber. The popular London musical, The Phantom of the Opera went on becoming a popular show and still London's hottest ticket. The award winning show is a brilliant amalgamation of outstanding design, special effects and memorable score. The show has earned critical acclamation from both the critics and audiences. The show has been transferred to Broadway and is currently the longest running musical. The show is running at the Majestic Theatre and enjoyed brilliant performance across the globe. For Instance, the Las Vegas production was designed specifically with a real lake. In order to celebrate its silver jubilee, there was a glorious concert production at the Royal Albert Hall. The phenomenal production featured Ramin Karimloo and Sierra Boggess as Phantom and Christine. If you are looking for some heart touching love musical the Phantom of the Opera is a must watch. With its wonderfully designed sets, costumes and special effects, the show is a must watch for theatre lovers. The show is recommended for 10+ kids and run for two hours and thirty minutes.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|It had started with the moon, inaccessible poem that it was.
Bill Hayes, Insomniac City: New York, Oliver, and Me|Wouldn't it be nice if there weree a planet where the sound of rain falling is like Bach?" he says."Yes, Planet Bach," I respond.He smiles -"Yes", he murmurs- picturing it, hearing it.
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|That was why Peg loved the Messiah best of all. Because it showed people they were not alone. No matter about their differences, the music lifted them up and lowered them down, only to raise them even higher. It worked like a spell.
B.B. King|Nobody loves me but mama, and she may be jivin too.
Tara Kelly, Encore|If only I could	freeze this moment, this feeling, because right	now, nothing else mattered. I was f***ing flying.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|But everyone has a voice, and everyone sings. Oh, we all do it differently. Some of us sing quietly, alone, only in the dead of night or in the shower. Some of us sing a cappella, and some stand on a stage beside a band and let the whole world share their song. Some of us, some of us don’t sing at all, like that. We sing with other instruments: There’s song in stores, and in art, and in getting up before the dawn and putting food onto the table. There are angry songs and sad songs and songs that make you want to dance. But everybody has a song to sing, their own personal story leaked into the world. And mine is one of love.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Music does that; I would often dawdle home to make it last, all calm and wide awake and bouncing-still, and music would be everywhere, in everything.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Music is obsession.Like jumping in a river and getting swept away, too fast, too hard, hoping that you find an eddy somewhere that will let you gasp for air.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Have you ever thought about rhythm? The way it changes from inside a song? The way it picks up pace or drops and takes you somewhere new?Rhythm is the key, but sometimes rhythm shakes and shimmies, shifts and emerges all mermaid-new.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Sometimes, when you know what’s coming on your playlist, you anticipate. You see how one song leads into the next. But when it’s new you can’t see what’s in front of you at all. That moment when the next song plays, all you have is what you hear. Moments to make up your mind. Sit it out, or dance.I like this beat. And I’m ready to move.And this one has a beat that you can dance to.
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Sometimes, sometimes you find a riff that fits so comfortably, you wish it would go on forever.
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|Like music, said Peg. Even when it was over, it kept living inside you.
Daniel Friday Danzor|As a minister of the Lord in whatever way the Lord decides to use you and with the gifts he gives you for the work, there is the tendency to start idolizing the work itself or the gifts that you forget it is the father who gave it to you. Who picked you up and dusted you from nothing and adorned you. You forget and make the work a god before him. Exodus 20:3 "You shall have no other gods before me".-----This can be very subtle especially for social media ministry. You begin to love your social image over the word of God. You begin to dampen and tweak the word of God to appeal to a wider audience. You're suddenly no longer about the raw truth of the gospel. As the followers and likes increase you begin to get more and more addicted to the fruit of the works and the response to YOUR messages and posts. If a post doesn't do too well and get many likes and comments you are not happy. It hurts you deeply. That is how you know It has become about you.------If this is you and this message has touched your heart, if this post is like a mirror to your face, go back to God and ask for forgiveness. Ask God to forgive you for elevating yourself and your work as a god before him and return back to when it was just about loving him and preaching the good news. You probably may have noticed you lost the fire of inspiration you used to have at the beginning. This is why.
Gwen Calvo, Cocaine Masks: Cocaine Masks|lips, red, ruby, like the blood, like the voice.
Chris DiCroce, Burning Man|I’m not who you think I am. I’m an actor. Just like all of you. I’m improvising, shooting from the hip. It’s all a lie. I’m a lie. You’re a lie. The lights—they don’t lie. But when they shine, they only tell half the story.
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|Everything seemed less frightening with music, even more so with music I knew by heart. It forced a familiar perspective on the scary unknown that was about to happen.
Leslie Hauser, Chasing Eveline|She said, 'People don't know what they like until they hear it. And that is the magic of music. Every song is a possibility, and all it takes is the right chord or the right beat and the heart is hooked.
D. Alexander Neill|The baker kneads; the weaver knits;The smithy plies the sun-bright steel;The potter turns; the farmer plants;The miller grinds his dusty meal.While I my quill in trembling handPen odes to please the fickle throng;The greatest craftsman of them all, Save only she who sings my song.
Sami Abouzid|My music genres, New Age Music, Electronic synth – pop, Disco, Electro house, Electronica- ambient, Electro pop. Hi-NRG, Electronic; ambient; folk; world; classical; easy listening, Latin salsa , Latin cha cha, latin bolero , latin – pop , Rock , Metal , ambient – rock , Arab dance , Nubian music ,jazz . World music , Trance , House music , Techno , Industrial music, Electronic dance music, Ambient house; chill-out …. Mood Music and Sami Abouzid
Sami Abouzid|I hope my forthcoming Girlfriend will be a musician Too, cause I got sick of being with those who don’t understand what I’m doing and don’t like soundtracks and wanna listen to KTU 24\7 	and don’t like to hang out in an amazing studio …..Amen
Sami Abouzid|I’m listening constantly for 3 days to my Soundtrack …. Leave Me Alone ….Wow, what a musical Gem, a Gorgeous musical perfection …this is what great music is all about ….Awesomeness
Thomas Ades, Thomas Adès: Full of Noises: Conversations with Tom Service|Plenty of masterpieces are just one cliché after another, Mozart for example, but that's quite natural, because if you think about it, two clichés that have met one another can beget the most original and profound effect.
Thomas Ades, Thomas Adès: Full of Noises: Conversations with Tom Service|Plenty of masterpieces are just one cliché after another, Mozart for example, but that's quite natural, because if you think about it, two clichés that have never met each other before can beget the most original and profound effect.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When can you understand that the music you play is very good? It is when people look at you but see no one, no one but the music!
Nick Bollinger, Goneville|And Goneville? It is a name that kept coming up as I was writing this book, and each time its meaning shifted a little. It's almost Gonville, the suburb of Whanganui where Johnny Devlin, New Zealand's first rock 'n'roll star, grew up, so arguably the birthplace of New Zealand rock 'n'roll. But it is also an imaginary place that might be every obscure New Zealand town that every obscure New Zealand band ever played.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|No daydreaming. No music, film, art, creative thinking or business.
J R R Tolkien|...and for a great deal it seemed good to him, for in the music there were no flaws.
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|Jazz was about the spaces between notes. It was about what happened when you listened to the thing inside you. The gaps and the cracks. Because that was where life really happened, when you were brave enough to free-fall.
Kendrick Lamar|If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
Matty Healy|After reading someone you love, wait at least an hour before starting to write
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Toxic In The Mind: daily use of the mind that kills you slowly|Music inspires! Music influences! Music rebukes! Music awakens the slumbering! Music describes, and tells stories of intrigue! Music can redirect the true direction of lives. The power of music must never be underestimated. If you don’t know what music can do to you, don’t listen to music
James Stein|When a friend introduced me to a Bach chaconne, he started by describing it by saying that it has 256 measures (256=2^8) divided into 4 sections of 64 measures (64=2^6), and I liked it even before I heard a single note.
Sami Abouzid|I create my music for fun not because I have to, that is why it sounds magical and unique
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Music brings relief! Hymns change mood! Songs empower the downhearted. Sing songs always! When all things seem down, sing a good and an inspiring song! When you seem to be wasting your energy on toxic thoughts, invoke your spirit with an amazing song! Songs have power! Empower your life with good songs!
Jidenna|There's organized confusion on African roads while driving in the cities. If you want to mess up Afican Cities very easy, just fly in 100 Americans put them on the road and tell them to drive.
Sami Abouzid|We Can Win If We Want to, 160 Single Released ….190 more to go
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|They were making a riotous noise, but it was much more like music - rather advanced music which you don't quite take in at the first hearing - than birds' songs ever are in our world.
Vikram Seth, An Equal Music|Well, what do you think? Avanti?""Avanti," cries everyone, and, after a few quick re-tunings of our instruments, and re-initialisings of our hearts, we enter the slow theme-and-variations movement.How good it is to pay this quintet, to play it, not to work at it - to play for our own joy, with no need to convey anything to anyone outside our ring of recreation, with no expectation of a future stage, of the too-immediate sop of applause. The quintet exists without us yet cannot exist without us. It sings to us, we sing into it, and somehow, through these little black and white insects clustering along five thin lines, the man who deafly transfigured what he so many years earlier had hearingly composed speaks into us across land and water and ten generations, and fills us here with sadness, here with amazed delight.
Maggie Stiefvater, Sinner|The music video will die when we all go blind, and music will never die, because even when you can't hear it, you can feel it.
Charmaine J Forde|I miss being in Barbados in December,That is a time I always remember,The smell of varnish on the wooden floors,And the smell of paint on the wooden doorsThe crowds in de Supermarket,Buying up the rum,And the music blastingPuh rup a pum pum
Dani Harper, Storm Warned|Everybody says you have to decide between the head and the heart, but that’s just so much bullshit. Your heart and your head don’t know a damn thing between them when it comes to other people. Your head can know facts about them, sure—like a criminal record or a Purple Heart—but that’s about it. And your heart only knows how it feels and what it wants, not what the other person is feeling . . .
Dani Harper, Storm Warned|Kind of like CSI investigating a social error—Here’s the corpse of the situation, what do you think killed it?—with the hope of preventing further fatalities. Often as not, it boiled down to missed cues.
Dani Harper, Storm Warned|Sometimes the universe conspires to give you what you really want, Liam. And it’s your job to let it.
Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now|I like lots of bands, and I LOVE fewer, but the list is still lengthy. I rarely pick a "favorite" because I think that's for laypeople who don't understand the infinite possibilities of music.
Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now|One Day you might desperately need to hear power chords and indulgent drum solos. Another might be a day for orchestral sounds. Picking one band above all else is just wrong. But, then again, it's not like what I say has to be etched in blood. Changing my mind later doesn't necessarily mean I'm a total waffler.
Graham Flegg, Numbers: Their History and Meaning|The Pythagoreans... were fascinated by certain specific ratios, ...The Greeks knew these as the 'golden' proportion and the 'perfect' proportion respectively. They may well have been learned from the Babylonians by Pythagoras himself after having been taken prisoner in Egypt. Ratios lay at the heart of the Pythagorean theory of music.
Jennifer Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|Sometimes the magic of life is beyond thought. It's the sparkle of intuition, of bringing your own personal energy into your music.
Sami Abouzid|I totally adore … The Dark Side of Emilee (Trapped).. One of the most gorgeous Piano chords I have ever created, eternal beauty in CDBABY store 6- 16 -2017.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is a sorrow, without a song.
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|The band in the ballroom announced the cover of a special request, and after a pause, the woman's voice sang out the breathy first line of Etta James's "At Last." Chairs barked as guests rose to greet the champion of all wedding songs, the one that always brought indifferent or fighting or estranged couples to the dance floor for momentary reconciliation.
Nicholas Christopher, The True Adventures of Nicolo Zen|The viola and the clarinet made for an interesting pairing: we had to imagine the accompaniment of other instruments, ideally a violin and a cello.
Amit Chaudhuri, Afternoon Raag|Her hair is troublesome and curly ... It falls in long, black strands, but each strand has a gentle, complicated undulation travelling through it, like a mild electric shock or a thrill, hat gives it a life of its own; it is visually analogous to a tremolo on a musical note.
Sami Abouzid|Can’t Stop Loving You (Italo – Dance Mix) ,,, was the 2nd soundtrack I ever created and still magical to my heart ….I love it more than words can ever say ,,,endless beauty
Amit Chaudhuri, Odysseus Abroad|The dull pulse-like beat started at eleven o’clock at night. It was a new kind of music called ‘rap’. It baffled Ananda even more than disco. He had puzzled and puzzled over why people would want to listen and even move their bodies to an angry, insistent onrush of words – words that rhymed, apparently, but had no echo or afterlife. It was as if they were an extension of the body: never had words sounded so alarmingly physical, and pure physicality lacks empathy, it’s machine-like.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|It was long past midnight. Laura's music played on. It was composed in the language of stars, tinkling in a crystal pool suspended from constellations. She used chimes now and then, the chimes that characterized every patio in Arizona, the piano, the trees combed by wind. A prelude to a storm. It was like discovering the secret room in a dream of your house that holds all the magic. It was music I wished I lived inside. Around us, cactus, hills filled with jumping cholla, the heat of August like another animal heaving over us.
Adam Haslett, Imagine Me Gone|Sound systems are what turn cars into escape vehicles, even if you've got nowhere to go.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|I got to tell you, that if it weren't for that harmonica music, i might of just packed up and gone home, but it made me feel so good, I can hardly describe it. Sort of like my whole body is the harmonica and the music give me goosebumps when I play it.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|Music makes everything more romantic, doesn't it? One second you're walking your dog in the suburbs, and then you put on Adele, and it's like you're in a movie and you've just had your heart brutally broken.
Stormy Smith, Who She Was|In these few minutes, I was Beethoven's captive and I couldn't have been a more willing participant.
Lisa Ko, The Leavers|Never had there been a time when sound, color, and feeling hadn’t been intertwined, when a dirty, rolling bass line hadn’t induced violets that suffused him with thick contentment, when the shades of certain chords sliding up to one another hadn’t produced dusty pastels that made him feel like he was cupping a tiny, golden bird. It wasn’t just music but also rumbling trains and rainstorms, occasional voices, a collective din. Colors and textures appeared in front of him, bouncing in time to the rhythm, or he’d get a flash of color in his mind, an automatic sensation of a tone, innate as breathing.
Nick Cave, The Sick Bag Song|The boy will grow older, and over time there will be other songs – not many – ten or maybe twenty in a lifespan, that stand apart from the rest of the music he will discover. He will realise as he grows older still, and crosses the Canadian border and drives down into Seattle, that not only are these songs holy or sacred, they are hiding songs – what the Aztec Indians call carrion songs – that deal exclusively in darkness, obfuscation, concealment and secrecy. He will realize that, for him, the purpose of these songs has been to shut off the sun, to draw a long shadow down and protect him from the corrosive glare of the world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|As sunlight is for flowers, and sustenance for the mortal shell, music is for the human soul.
Alin Sav|Composing music changes nations, listening to music changes you.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|And in the depths of music, I didn’t find the answer,And again there was silence, and again the ghost of summer.
Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana|He sang one whole verse directly to her, then, in fidelity to the song, he sent his vision inward to where his purest music was always found, and he looked at no one at all as he sang to Eanna herself, a hymn to names and the naming of things.
Sami Abouzid|I Taught myself how to Write lyrics ,compose ,sing ,arrange music ,mix and mastering my music and producing it and selling it worldwide , Promoting it Too and making my music videos as well . All because they wanted to abuse me when I first started.
Robin Russell Gaiser, Musical Morphine: Transforming Pain One Note at a Time|Music is where I feel loved. Past, present. Music is where I give love. Why do I continue to enter rooms of strangers who are suffering, dying, cursing, diminished, unwashed? Because of love. I don't see hollow faces, blank stares, decaying bodies. I see the faces of God in these human beings. Precious people with stories, contributions, presence. Music pays tribute to their lives, often coaxes out their life stories, gives them worth, but most of all loves them when they are lost, weak, vulnerable.
Nick Cave, The Sick Bag Song|The boy will grow older, and over time there will be other songs – not many – ten or maybe twenty in a lifespan, that stand apar from the rest of the music he will discover. He will realise as he grows older still, and crosses the Canadian border and drives down into Seattle, that not only are these songs holy or sacred, they are hiding songs – what the Aztec Indians call carrion songs – that deal exclusively in darkness, obfuscation, concealment and secrecy. He will realize that, for him, the purpose of these songs has been to shut off the sun, to draw a long shadow down and protect him from the corrosive glare of the world.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|From inside the tavern came the sounds of a fiddle being tuned, various plucks and tentative bowings, then a slow and groping attempt at Aura Lee, interrupted every few notes by unplanned squeaks and howls. Nevertheless the beautiful and familiar tune was impervious to poor performance, and Inman thought how painfully young it sounded, as if the pattern of its notes allowed no room to imagine a future clouded and tangled and diminished.
Sami Abouzid|ReverbNation , I Wanna Truly thank ReverbNation for given all Indie Musicians the chance to shine , me and 3 million musicians are allowed to upload unlimited songs and videos and sharing our art and creativity with this world , no one else is doing the same thing to us ….thank you ReverbNation
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|He supposed that, except musicians, every one thought Beethoven a bore, as every one except mathematicians thought mathematics a bore.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|My soul, I’ve found, has puppet strings to make me droop or give me wings.And music is the puppeteerthat turns my ear to hear.
Vinod Varghese Antony|Music fountains from purity, travels through serenity and dissolves with tranquility.
Jessica Shattuck, The Women in the Castle|Years later, as a professor, Martin would try to find the words to articulate the power of togetherness in a world where togetherness had been corrupted -- and to explore the effect of the music, the surprising lengths the people had gone to to hear it and to play it, as evidence that music, and art in general, are basic requirements of the human soul. Not a luxury but a compulsion. He will think of it every time he goes to a museum or a concert or a play with a long line of people waiting to get inside.
Mayte Garcia, The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince|Bottom line: you never ever saw him looking wrong. Knowing this, I felt a cold shiver down my spine when I read in the Minneapolis StarTribune that when his body was found in the elevator at Paisley Park, "Prince was wearing a black shirt and pants - both were on backward - and his socks were inside out."This made no sense to me. The sheer irony of it broke my heart all over again.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|We love music deeply, but why? Put simply: music makes lives, shapes lives, expresses all shades and stages of life - and even saves lives.
David Bowie|Written in pain, written in aweBy a puzzled man who questionedWhat we were here for
Jim DeFede, The Day the World Came to Town: 9/11 in Gander, Newfoundland|Neighbor to neighbor. It is a mentality that has been fostered over centuries, since the earliest settlers realized the only way to survive in this desolate but beautiful outpost was to work together. Much of their music captures this spirit.
Thomas Pynchon|Beneath the rubato of the day abided a stern pulse beating on, ineluctable, unforgiving, whereby whatever was evaded or put off now had to be made up for later, and at a higher level of intensity.
Marsha Hinds|On Atheism – If people continue to think of atheism as a kind of religion, then I demand all the perks that real religions get. I want to build big empty buildings where like-minded people can gather once a week to debate a non-existent deity. I want tax-exempt status. I want real food, not cheap wine and crackers. I want a rocking band. I want altar men! Not altar boys—altar MEN—and I want them to look like the chain-clad guy who hands an envelope to RuPaul at the beginning of “To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar”.
Patrick Brislan, Heresies of Music: An A-Z Diagnostic Guide|What is Lisztomania, and how was it cured? Who was Drog, and what was his prophecy regarding Electronic Music? What preparation do you need before throwing an artistic tantrum? Which orchestral musicians are also qualified to run a hospital?The plausible answers to these and many other tantalising questions can be found in this wickedly funny – and occasionally just wicked – book.
Patrick Brislan, Heresies of Music: An A-Z Diagnostic Guide|… A wonderful collection of truths, and almost all are inconvenient’.‘… Something here to offend everyone’.‘… Everything from burlesque to parody, and with a sprinkling of serious commentary to confound the believers’.In the interest of balance however, here are some quotes from reviews which might have been written by others less inclined to view Heresies favorably. Again, I have undertaken this task on their behalf:“…a random assortment of schoolboy jokes. Possibly enjoyable for those who like juvenile humour – assuming they find it funny at all.”“The attempts at serious commentary are laughable, while the so-called heretical viewpoints are the unfunny fancies of a feeble mind.”“… Betrays an underlying resentment – disguised as ‘heresy’ – of those of eminence and achievement in music’s historical record.”Hmm. Can they all be right?
David Ackert|Musicians are some of the most driven, courageous people on the face of the earth. They deal with more day-to-day rejection in one year than most people do in a lifetime. Every day, they face the financial challenge of living a freelance lifestyle, the disrespect of people who think they should get real jobs, and their own fear that they’ll never work again. Every day, they have to ignore the possibility that the vision they have dedicated their lives to is a pipe dream. With every note, they stretch themselves, emotionally and physically, risking criticism and judgement. With every passing year, many of them watch as the other people their age achieve the predictable milestones of normal life – the car, the family, the house, the nest egg. Why? Because musicians are willing to give their entire lives to a moment – to that melody, that lyric, that chord, or that interpretation that will stir the audience’s soul. Musicians are beings who have tasted life’s nectar in that crystal moment when they poured out their creative spirit and touched another’s heart. In that instant, they were as close to magic, God, and perfection as anyone could ever be. And in their own hearts, they know that to dedicate oneself to that moment is worth a thousand lifetimes.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Suppresed I Rise"|Born on March 20, 1971, she celebrated her 100th birthday this past March. During the war she toured the battle zones, where British forces were fighting by giving concerts for the troops. The songs most remembered from that era are We'll Meet Again, The White Cliffs of Dover, A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square and There'll Always Be an England. During the Second World War she earned the title of “the Allied Forces Sweetheart.” And in 1945 she was awarded the British War Medal and the Burma Star for her untiring devotion to the Crown and the men in uniform. As a songwriter and actress, her recordings and performances were enormously popular. This popularity remained solid after the war with recording of Auf Wiedersehen Sweetheart, My Son, My Son and I Love This Land, which was released to mark the end of the Falklands War. In 2009, at age 92, she became the oldest living artist to top the UK Albums Chart, with We'll Meet Again, The Very Best of Vera Lynn. Commemorating her 100th birthday she released the album Vera Lynn 100, in 2017, which number 3 on the charts, making her the oldest recording artist in the world and the first centenarian performer to have an album in the charts.Vera Lynn devoted much time working with wounded ex-servicemen, disabled children, and breast cancer. She is held in great affection by veterans of the Second World War and in 2000 was named the Briton who best exemplified the spirit of the 20th century.
Thomas Bernhard, The Loser|To wake up one day and be Steinway and Glen in One... Glen Steinway, Steinway Glen, all for Bach.
Sumrit Shahi, Just Friends|Sometimes silence become the most excruciating sound; sometimes the mind becomes a musical symphony of clouded thoughts, questions and clarifications but the vocals fail to present the sound of conversation.
Rotik the marathi rapper|Not afraid to die , but not the fear of death
Legs McNeil, Please Kill Me: The Uncensored Oral History of Punk|Hippies survived Nixon, but punk caved in to Ronald Reagan, know what I'm saying? Punk actually couldn't take a good challenge.
Eliza Parsons, Errors of Education|He quickly observed, that good sentences and excellent representations of the follies of mankind met with little regard or applause, whilst sounds, without sense, threw every body into raptures:——but 'twas the fashion of the day to be musically mad, and those who were absurd enough to prefer a rational entertainment to a flimsy opera, were poor insipid beings, without taste or enthusiasm.
Jeff Zentner, Goodbye Days|Stick to the key of C, dude. No sharps or flats. More forgiving.
Franz Schubert|With a heart filled with endless love for those who scorned me, I wandered far away. For many and many a year I sang songs. Whenever I tried to sing of love, it turned to pain. And again, when I tried to sing of pain, it turned to love.
J.C. Lillis, A&B|Writing catchy pop songs is a super-minor superpower, but it's mine.
Natasha Lester, Her Mother's Secret|She ran straight into Leo’s open arms, unable to stop the tears from falling, feeling at last defended, like a single musical note that had finally found the symphony to which it belonged.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|There are mornings when, from the first ray of light seized upon by the eye, and the first simple sounds that get inside the head, the heart is convinced that it is existing in rhythm to a kind of unheard music, familiar but forgotten because long ago it was interrupted and only now has suddenly resumed playing. The silent melodies pass through the fabric of the consciousness like the wind through the meshes of a net, without moving it, but at the same time unmistakably there, all around it. For one who has never lived such a morning, its advent can be a paralyzing experience.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|I would spend my life on the road logging hundreds of thousands of miles and my story was always the same. . . man comes to town, detonates; man leaves town and drives off into the evening; fade to black. Just the way I like it.
Sami Abouzid|I’m so proud of my soundtrack ….. Unfaithful a real amazing work of art …..I wanted to create it a long time ago ….but now it sounds magical, a musical Gem
Adam Haslett, Imagine Me Gone|Kind of gay? I wanted to say. Do you have any notion how many homosexuals sweated their ass off on the dance floor to make this soaring bit of derivative trash possible? How many died of AIDS, OD'd, or went broke on the way to that girl from Texas cutting a deal...
M.J. O'Shea|Spinning, flying, dreaming, falling, Running when I hear you calling, Even when you’re far from reach, I still can’t catch my breath.”Elliot paused and let Chris’s guitar echo for a long moment before he practically whispered the final line into his microphone.“The one you took from me….
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|As Branford Marsalis said in a beautiful essay he write upon Clarence's death, C was blessed with 'the power of musical intent.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|As we'd slogged away for weeks on the Convention Hall stage in isolation, trying to pump life into our much-vaunted songbook, there'd been only one thing missing: you.
Eric Spitznagel, Old Records Never Die: One Man's Quest for His Vinyl and His Past|I'm fairly tired of hipsters. They have terrible taste in music. These kids come in and say, 'You don't have anything that was released this year?' That makes me crazy. We don't need anything from this year! (Bob Diener, owner of Record Swap in Champaign, IL)
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|Music escapes from words: that is its purpose, and its majesty.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame|Lend your ear then to this tutti of steeples; diffuse over the whole the buzz of half a million of human beings, the eternal murmur of the river, the infinite piping of the wind, the grave and distant quartet of the four forests placed like immense organs on the four hills of the horizon; soften down, as with a demi-tint, all that is too shrill and too harsh in the central mass of sound, and say if you know any thing in the world more rich, more gladdening, more dazzling than that tumult of bells; than that furnace of music; than those ten thousand brazen tones breathed all at once from flutes of stone three hundred feet high; than that city which is but one orchestra; than that symphony rushing and roaring like a tempest.
Larry Acquaviva, Nobody Cares Who You Are|Rock It, Read It.
Larry Acquaviva, Nobody Cares Who You Are|Find It, Live It, Love It.
John Marsden, So Much to Tell You|How strange it would now — like speaking without a voice. Is that what music is then, a ventriloquist with his doll ?
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|—the longer you silence a violin, the harder it is for it to find its true voice again.
Amy Winehouse|I don't think I knew what depression was. I knew I felt funny sometimes and I was different. I think it's a musician thing. That's why I write music. You know, I'm not like some messed up person. There is a lot of people that suffer depression that don't have an outlet, you know what I mean? That can't pick up a guitar for an hour and feel better.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|A harsh crack followed the rumble of thunder, a lightning strike. With that, the other musicians began to play, bringing in the tinkling sounds of light rain, the deeper thrum of thicker droplets. The others played the crashing waves, the lapping of water against a nonexistent shore. All around us were the sounds of water, dripping from faucets, gushing from waterfalls.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|My mind is curiously alert; it's as though my skull had a thousand mirrors inside it. My nerves are taut, vibrant! the notes are like glass balls dancing on a million jets of water. I've never been to a concert before on such an empty belly. Nothing escapes me, not even the tiniest pin falling. It's as though I had no clothes on and every pore of my body was a window and all the windows open and the light flooding my gizzards. I can feel the light curving under the vault of my ribs and my ribs hang there over a hollow nave trembling with reverberations. How long this lasts I have no idea; I have lost all sense of time and place. After what seems like an eternity there follows an interval of semiconsciousness balanced by such a calm that I feel a great lake inside me, a lake of iridescent sheen, cool as jelly; and over this lake, rising in great swooping spirals, there emerge flocks of birds of passage with long slim legs and brilliant plumage. Flock after flock surge up from the cool, still surface of the lake and, passing under my clavicles, lose themselves in the white sea of space. And then slowly, very slowly, as if an old woman in a white cap were going the rounds of my body, slowly the windows are closed and my organs drop back into place.
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|She had forgotten about this, the narcotic of the crowd. This is why you came to hear music. To stop being yourself, to let that thing that you supposedly were go, and just be part of a mob, synchronized by the heavy beat, mesmerized by a singer with big smeary red lips, her spooky chant.
Lyn Crain|Inspiration surrounds us, the creation is our responsibility as artists.-Lyn Crain
Get Scared - Sarcasm|Don't mind us, we're just spilling our guts. If this is love, I don'twant to be hanging by the neck in front of an audience of Death.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|Now I don’t know how many people like to drive a Beetle at that kind of speed (on purpose) but I know I’d rather go down Brickmaker’s Kloof on a bicycle with no brakes! Driving any car at that speed in anything other than an expensive German luxury car on a long, straight autobahn is enough of a risk (let alone the risk of hitting anything) – but if you try that with a Beetle and add a light crosswind, factor in some rubber peeling off your tire, and you’ll more than likely find yourself dancing alone in a dark corner without any music.
Charles de Lint|T.H. moved through the forest like the melody of a well-known song, in perfect harmony with his surroundings.
Maggie Stiefvater, Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception|A symptom," Brendan said, as if love were a disease only humans could catch. But there was something like fondness or respect in his voice. "You're both fools.
Kevin Crossley-Holland, Heartsong|Playing in an orchestra is completely different to playing on my own.Sometimes I played, sometimes listened; instead of waiting my turn, I sometimes interrupted another player, sometimes I argued, sometimes agreed.My flute is my mouthpiece and I felt as if I was actually joining in a conversation.
Touré, I Would Die 4 U: Why Prince Became an Icon|Imagine America as one house on a suburban lane. Years before he became a Jehovah's Witness, Prince knocked on America's door through his music. He came to the door holding a guitar and an umbrella while concealing a Bible. He flirted his way inside the door and told us he had a dirty mind and was controversial, and then he sat down in the living room on the good couch. And, when America's guard was down, because we thought we were having a conversation about sex, Prince eased out his Bible and said, "Let me also tell you about my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To understand fully the importance of music, you must try to imagine a world without music! Such a world would be a world of hopelessness and boredom!
starloghtpr1|Stand out from the crowd with the most up to date AnR Directory, A&R directory, AnR contacts, A&R contacts. How to signed to a label, Now easily connect with assistants to start your music career and become a good hip hop artist and how to make it in the music industry.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To understand fully the importance of music, you must try to image a world without music! Such a world would be a world of hopelessness and boredom!
Albert Einstein|Life without playing music is inconceivable for me. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music, I get most joy in life out of music.
Frankie Boyle, Work! Consume! Die!: You Are Bored. This is the Antidote|I was once asked to pick a couple of records for an interview I was doing on Radio 2. I picked one by Will Oldham and one by Joanna Newsom. Someone on the production phoned me to say that I couldn't have either record because they were 'too alternative' and I could just pick two from their playlist. Now, personally, I think that Radio 2's listeners would dig both Joanna Newsom and Will Oldham if they heard their records, and that the fact they don't get to hear them contributes to the cultural wasteland we live in. I told them that I'd been to see Joanna Newsom in the Albert Hall a couple of weeks before and it had been sold out. How could she be 'too alternative'? 'Alternative' and 'mainstream' aren't strictly to do with whether things are popular or minority interest. They are ideological labels. Someone like Joe Pasquale would be called 'mainstream' and regularly pops up on TV, but would play the smaller end of the touring-theatre circuit. If Joanna Newsom can sell out Albert Hall, why can't she get played on Radio 2? I would agree that it's because her work is too layered, challenging and interesting. Think about that. What you get to hear about is filtered, and not filtered to get rid of useless cunts like Joe Pasquale, but of things that might enrich your life.
Ace Boggess, A Song Without a Melody|There are basically three types of songs: loved songs, unloved songs, and transitional songs written by tired people in between the two. Love songs are cheesy, unloved songs are depressing, and transitional songs are poetry. Transitions catch the world on fire, touching on relevant topics while speaking with giddiness and despair of the lover between.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Tessie allowed Milton to press his clarinet to her skin and fill her body with music. At first it only tickled her. But after a while the notes spread deeper into her body. She felt the vibrations penetrate her muscles, pulsing in waves, until they rattled her bones and made her inner organs hum.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|Artists have a unique ability to paint the world, and to help people see injustice. They do it not with guns, but with pens and guitars and paintbrushes.
James Hauenstein|When all else fails, there is music. When that fails you, there is beer.
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|Behind every wall and every mirror and every vent, I hear sounds: breathing, rustling, footsteps, and murmurs. I try to tell myself it’s just mice making their nests behind the barriers, but since when do rodents whisper?
Jenefer Robinson, Music & Meaning|The undistracted experience of affects of just about any sort, when free of practical consequences, appears to have intrinsic appeal for many of us.
Jeffy Thomas|I sing, no matter who is listening coz it is my natural way of expression.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|When “Here Comes the Sun” started, what happened? No, the sun didn’t come out, but Mom opened up like the sun breaking through the clouds. You know how in the first few notes of that song, there’s something about George’s guitar that’s just so hopeful? It was like when Mom sang, she was full of hope, too. She even got the irregular clapping right during the guitar solo. When the song was over, she paused it.“Oh, Bee,” she said. “This song reminds me of you.” She had tears in her eyes.
Jenefer Robinson, Music & Meaning|Deep emotional response to music typically arises as a product of the most intense musical perception. It is generally in virtue of the recognition of emotions expressed in music, or of the emotion-laden gestures embodied in musical movement, that an emotional reaction occurs.
Ray Harmony, Hack Music Theory, Part 1: Learn Scales & Chords in 30 minutes|Theory is a six-letter dirty word to most musicians, but hey, musicians love dirty words, right? And just like all the other dirty words, theory is easy to learn and fun to use!
Frankie Boyle, Work! Consume! Die!: You Are Bored. This is the Antidote|I was once asked to pick a couple of records for an interview I was doing on Radio 2. I picked one by Will Oldham and one by Joanna Newsome. Someone on the production phoned me to say that I couldn't have either record because they were 'too alternative' and I could just pick two from their playlist. Now, personally, I think that Radio 2's listeners would dig both Joanna Newsome and Will Oldham if they heard their records, and that the fact they don't get to hear them contributes to the cultural wasteland we live in. I told them that I'd been to see Joanna Newsome in the Albert Hall a couple of weeks before and it had been sold out. How could she be 'too alternative'? 'Alternative' and 'mainstream' aren't strictly to do with whether things are popular or minority interest. They are ideological labels. Someone like Joe Pasquale would be called 'mainstream' and regularly pops up on TV, but would play the smaller end of the touring-theatre circuit. If Joanna Newsome can sell out Albert Hall, why can't she get played on Radio 2? I would agree that it's because her work is too layered, challenging and interesting. Think about that. What you get to hear about is filtered, and not filtered to get rid of useless cunts like Joe Pasquale, but of things that might enrich your life.
Jenefer Robinson, Music & Meaning|What we seem to perceive influences what we feel, and what we feel influences what we say we perceive
Josh Dun|After talking to people and meeting them every day, I realize that a song can be written from one perspective with an objective in mind. What is crazy about it is that many different people can take one song a totally different way. That is so cool, since music is a universal thing and a very personal thing.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|Rock 'n' roll music, in the end, is a source of religious and mystical power. Your playing can suck, your singing can be barely viable, but if when you get together with your pals in front of your audience and make the noise, the one that is drawn from the center of your being, from your godhead, from your gutter, from the universe's infinitesimal genesis point... you're rockin' and you're a rock 'n' roll star in every sense of the word. The punks instinctively knew this and created a third revolution out of it, but it is an essential element in the equation of every great musical unit and rock 'n' roll band, no matter how down-to-earth their presentation.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I skipped between the dancers, twirling my skirts. The seated, masked musicians didn’t look up at me as I leaped before them, dancing in place. No chains, no boundaries—just me and the music, dancing and dancing. I wasn’t faerie, but I was a part of this earth, and the earth was a part of me, and I would be content to dance upon it for the rest of my life.One of the musicians looked up from his fiddling, and I halted.Sweat gleamed on the strong column of his neck as he rested his chin upon the dark wood of the fiddle. He’d rolled up the sleeves of his shirt, revealing the cords of muscle along his forearms. He had once mentioned that he would have liked to be a traveling minstrel if not a warrior or a High Lord—now, hearing him play, I knew he could have made a fortune from it.“I’m sorry, Tam,” Lucien panted, appearing from nowhere. “I left her alone for a little at one of the food tables, and when I caught up to her, she was drinking the wine, and—”Tamlin didn’t pause in his playing. His golden hair damp with sweat, he looked marvelously handsome—even though I couldn’t see most of his face. He gave me a feral smile as I began to dance in place before him. “I’ll look after her,” Tamlin murmured above the music, and I glowed, my dancing becoming faster. “Go enjoy yourself.” Lucien fled.I shouted over the music, “I don’t need a keeper!” I wanted to spin and spin and spin.“No, you don’t,” Tamlin said, never once stumbling over his playing. How his bow did dance upon the strings, his fingers sturdy and strong, no signs of those claws that I had come to stop fearing … “Dance, Feyre,” he whispered.So I did.I was loosened, a top whirling around and around, and I didn’t know who I danced with or what they looked like, only that I had become the music and the fire and the night, and there was nothing that could slow me down.Through it all, Tamlin and his musicians played such joyous music that I didn’t think the world could contain it all. I sashayed over to him, my faerie lord, my protector and warrior, my friend, and danced before him. He grinned at me, and I didn’t break my dancing as he rose from his seat and knelt before me in the grass, offering up a solo on his fiddle to me.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|That was how we wanted to play, majestic and chaotic.
T.C. Boyle, Drop City|Music was like food, like water, like air - that necessary, that essential - and here she was in a break-on-through mood and nothing for it but her own stumbling version caught like lint on her tongue.
Franz Liszt|Music embodies feeling without forcing it to contend and combine with thought, as it is forced in most arts and especially in the art of words.
Sami Abouzid|Will you still be there,,,,,,,, a gorgeous… touching emotional soundtrack that I started working on …..I love this great atmosphere in my studio …..my piano is crying from the sweetness of the chords I’m playing …..Great to be doing what I’m doing in life … Will you still be there. Coming soon.
Alecia Whitaker, Wildflower|Mother Maybelle, have mercy, we've just been discovered.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Listening to music, reading literature, writing, and extended periods of personal introspection provide four prongs of the incitements available to form a conscious and subconscious designation of self. Other potential incentives that contribute to self-identity include religion and cultural events as well as painting, sculpture, dance, films, newspapers, television, Internet surfing, web sites, and online message boards.
William Berger, Puccini Without Excuses|Without Puccini, there is no opera; without opera, the world is an even drearier place than the evening news would have us think.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In its own unique and indefinable manner, music indirectly communicates the joys of life along with the pains and terrors overwhelming humanity. The universal language of music quantities the human experience, its range of variation encapsulates the scale of humankind’s exuberance for living as well as expresses our apprehension of suffering and death. Because music articulates the quintessence of life and yokes a myriad of human events into an expressible format, music is a critical act.
E.M. Forster|No; look out for the part where you think you have done with the goblins and they come back,' breathed Helen, as the music started with a goblin walking quietly over the universe, from end to end.
Sami Abouzid|I’m so happy that I’m having the chance to create amazing music that bringing happiness and joy to me and to others in this world, it’s a dream came true
Sami Abouzid|323 - Last Gate To Your Heart (Déjà Vu)I’m real happy to spend the last days of 2016 creating this amazing Soundtrack ….. real romantic and emotional ,,,, I hope 2017 will be a better year for all of US , I wish you all love , Joy and Happiness …..Creating Music is the best thing I’m doing in my life and now it’s so great to share this gift with you all …..hope you know how to do the Cha Cha,,,,,,Enjoy……………..Sami
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|In the darkest and strangest of places with the most macabre of company, this music moves her and her life pulses hard... And even for Julie's safety, I can't bring myself to smother it.
C.M. Stunich, Bad Nanny|It's all so sexy and cute and romantic...until the music changes to "In Da Club" by 50 Cent.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|Life is like a long note; it persists without variance, without wavering. There is no cessation in sound or pause in tempo. It continues on, and we must master it or it will master us.
Hans Zimmer|I want to go and write music that announces to you that you can feel something. I don’t want to tell you what to feel, but I just want you to have the possibility of feeling something.
Mehmet Murat ildan|An illusionist can make himself disappear; a musician can do the same thing: When he plays a piano, after a while we start seeing only the music, not the man!
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|Although a little noisy at first, in a bizarre twist of fate, electronic music became popular in France in the 1890’s before fizzling out in favor of Swing music – which somehow made an early appearance in the 1900’s. In another alternative timeline, the Beatles never existed and England invented popcorn and hamburgers in the 1840’s. Damn, that’s what almost happened last time again, thought Scrooby tensely, while maneuvering himself onto a stronger looking branch. Details, everything was about the details. Sometimes there was almost too much detail to keep up with.
Lemony Snicket, The Composer Is Dead|If you are going to hear the work of the world’s greatest composers, you will have to allow for a little murder here and there. […] Those who want justice can go to the police, but those who want something a little more interesting should go to the orchestra!
Stephanie Lahart|MUSIC. It’s in my heart! It’s in my mind! It’s in my soul! Music has a way of taking control of my entire being, and I’m perfectly okay with that! Music is Life! Music is LOVE. Music makes life extra special! Music is a GIFT to the world!
Sabine Shah|When we cannot see, we don't judge. Small wonder when we kiss, cry, laugh, make love, are in pain, pray and listen to music, we close our eyes.
Paradise Fears|Do you remember when we learned how to fly? We'd play make-believe, we were young and had time on our side
Leonard Cohen, The Future|There is a crack, a crack, in everything. That's how the light gets in.
Serj Tankian|I think music has the ability to inspire people and to change hearts, and the heart has the power to change the mind, and the mind has the power to change the world.
Sami Abouzid|it's real great to be back in my studio to create amazing music , after I took a break it was awesome to go back once again and create this awesome soundtrack ,,,,,how can I forget you .... I love all chords I’ve created and nothing in this world compares the beauty and the greatness of being in my studio and creating this adorable music ...endless greatness
Sami Abouzid|Dancing salsa, what an amazing workout, Healthy and amazing …..Incredible Fun
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|How can the feeling man resist feeling, the loving one love? Who has not experienced the overwhelming power of melody? And what else is melody but the power of feeling? Music is the language of feeling; … feeling communicates itself. … Is it man that possesses love, or is it not … love that possesses man? When love impels a man to suffer death even joyfully for the beloved one, is this death-conquering power his own individual power, or is it not rather the power of love?
Kate Grenville, The Lieutenant|He sat in the chapel for hours picking his way through fugues. A dozen notes, hardly music. But then those few notes spoke to each other, subject and answer, by repetition, by diminution, by augmentation, even looping backwards on themselves in a course like the retrograde motion of Mars. He listened as if he had as many ears as fingertips, and, like a blind man, could feel textures that were barely there. At the end of two or three pages of music he would hear all the voices twining together in a construction of such dizzying power that the walls of the chapel could barely contain it.
Kate Grenville, The Lieutenant|Others, tiring of the sound of Buxtehude and Bach for hours on end, would complain there was no tune. That was exactly the thing he liked best about a fugue, the fact that it could not be sung. A fugue was not singular, as a melody was, but plural. It was a conversation.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|That small exposure to a few measures of song threw my world of its axis. It punctured a tiny window that gave me a peek at feelings, emotions, and thoughts I never knew existed. Knowing there was more to my life I wasn't getting at this moment made me feel like a drug addict forced into rehab.
Tupac Shakur, Tupac: Resurrection 1971-1996|My inspiration for writing music is like Don McLean did when he did "American Pie" or "Vincent". Lorraine Hansberry with "A Raisin in the Sun". Like Shakespeare when he does his thing, like deep stories, raw human needs.I'm trying to think of a good analogy. It's like, you've got the Vietnam War, and because you had reporters showing us pictures of the war at home, that's what made the war end, or that shit would have lasted longer. If no one knew what was going on we would have thought they were just dying valiantly in some beautiful way. But because we saw the horror, that's what made us stop the war.So I thought, that's what I'm going to do as an artist, as a rapper. I'm gonna show the most graphic details of what I see in my community and hopefully they'll stop it quick.I've seen all of that-- the crack babies, what we had to go through, losing everything, being poor, and getting beat down. All of that. Being the person I am, I said no no no no. I'm changing this.
Carole Bayer Sager, They're Playing Our Song|I’ve always thought the best songs come though us not from us…. They gave me life, they gave me an identity and I gave them my tears, my heart, and my truth.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|You have to take what you can get out of the music. It's different for everyone, but you have to pay attention and appreciate each piece in order for it to speak to you.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|To me, guitar notes are the most beautiful sounds in the world.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|Life is either the same song you sing day in and day out, or you go out into the world and devise your own soundtrack.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|I had no idea what the lyrics were in the song, but his voice wrapped around my head, weaving through my hair, and whispered into my ears that made me drunk with a feeling I never felt before.
Daniel José Older, Salsa Nocturna: Stories|There's a jangle to the music of the dead. I mean that certain something that's so happy and so sad at the same time. The notes almost make a perfect harmony, but don't. Then they do but quickly crash into dissonance. They simmer in that sweet in-between rhythm section rattling along all the while. Chords collapse chaotically into one another and just when you think it's gonna spill into total nonsense, it stands back up and comes through sweet as a lullaby on your mami's lips. Songs that'll make people tap their feet and drink melancholically but not realize the twisting genius lurking within until generations later.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Yeah, you and me, we can ride on a starIf you stay with me, girlWe can rule the worldYeah, you and me, we can light up the skyIf you stay by my sideWe can rule the world
H. Leighton Dickson, Dragon of Ash & Stars: The Autobiography of a Night Dragon|We didn’t have words. We didn’t have writing or maps or language, but we had music and in that music, we spoke victory and loss, sadness and rage. We sang fire and water, earth and sky. We wrote the history of the Battle of Lamos and told the story of Selisanae of the Sun and wove the tragedy of the lives and deaths of dragons in every land. It was marvellous.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|Maybe the definition of a real father is someone who accepts their child for who they are, despite their faults or how far they've strayed from the path of the person you hoped they'd become.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|It's funny how reflections, even on the window of a store when walking down some busy street, momentarily erects a wall against all those thoughts flittering around. Some people may automatically switch their thoughts to how wide their hips have become, how quickly their hair is thinning or how funny their walk is, but it's always a reality check: this is you, right here, right now.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|That mountain of courage I had been building inside me for the past several months began crumbling, tumbling down, and gaining speed like an avalanche.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|My life was a rollercoaster except sometimes I'd have to get out and push the car and be sure I made it back in before it gained too much momentum and I'd be left vulnerable on the tracks, in the destructive path of another oncoming car.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|We don't have a song, we have a whole album.
Doris Mortman, The Wild Rose|Beethoven introduced us to anger. Haydn taught us capriciousness, Rachmaninoff melancholy. Wagner was demonic. Bach was pious. Schumann was mad, and because his genius was able to record his fight for sanity, we heard what isolation and the edge of lunacy sounded like. Liszt was lusty and vigorous and insisted that we confront his overwhelming sexuality as well as our own. Chopin was a poet, and without him we never would have understood what night was, what perfume was, what romance was.
David  Arnold, Kids of Appetite|Music was more than subjective; it was erratic. It was the ship on the horizon that one sailor saw, the other sailor didn’t.
James Rhodes|There are eighty-eight keys on a piano and within that, an entire universe.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In your most desperate moments where you crawl on the ground like worms, sometimes you suddenly hear the voice of a savior, the voice of the Music which immediately carries you away to the stars!
Bruce Mbanzabugabo|As there is no joy for the broken heart, there is not also an harmony to a guitar with broken strings!
Richard Miller, Solutions for Singers: Tools for Performers and Teachers|A singer whose ear is singly directed to the melodic aspects of a Brahms lied or a Verdi aria lacks perception of the musical web from which the melodic line emerges; the composer's intent may remain unrealized. to sing Schubert, Schumann, Brahms, Wolf, or Strauss lieder without an understanding of underlying harmonic structures is to vocalize on them, not to conceive of them musically and emotionally.
Oliver|When I write I like to give equal justice to lyrics, too. I want the song to have meaning for me so I can make it have meaning for the audience.
Jonathan Leaf, The Politically Incorrect Guide to the Sixties|Take just one well-known event: The Beatles' 1964 appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. This has been depicted with astonishing regularity as a pivotal cultural moment; in fact an entire movie -- I Wanna Hold Your Hand -- was built around it. And that Sullivan episode was indeed a major event in popular culture. But did you know that in 1961, 26 million people watched a CBS live broadcast of the first performance of a new symphony by classical composer Aaron Copland? Moreover, with all the attention that sixties rock groups receive, it may come as a surprise to learn that My Fair Lady was Columbia Records' biggest-selling album before the 1970s, beating out those of sixties icons Bob Dylan, Janis Joplin and The Byrds.
Renee Conoulty, Don't Mean a Thing|My feet were keeping in time with the music, but my heart was pounding out a different rhythm altogether.
Oliver|My job is to entertain people by playing my music well. You shouldn't really be upset because people like you, should you?
Sami Abouzid|The more you create great music, the more it makes eager to create more and more
Kathryn Holmes|So how did you think about him?” Rachel asks.Hallelujah shrugs. “We were friends. Good friends. He knew—knows—a lot about me. I guess I know a lot about him. Stuff he likes and doesn’t like.”Rachel looks skeptical. “And yet you never knew he liked you.”“No! I mean—when Jonah and I were friends, I liked Luke. So maybe I missed some signs.”“So you just . . . hung out? Platonically?”“Yeah. I guess.” Hallelujah thinks about how to explain it. How to distill a friendship down to its most basic components. “We had choir together last year. We talked. For kind of the first time, even though we’d been in church and school together since fourth grade.”“And, what, you found out you had so much in common?”“Actually, no. But we started comparing music we liked, and a month into ninth grade, Jonah made me this mix of songs. Based on what we’d talked about. So then I made him a mix. And it grew from there. We’d go to each other’s houses, watch movies, listen to music, that kind of thing. Hanging out.”“So tell me about Jonah. Something only you know.”“Um. He’d probably deny it, but he got really into the Harry Potter books. Like, really into them. I loaned him my box set last spring. He got so mad at me for not warning him how Book Six ends.”Rachel laughs. “He didn’t see the movies?”“No. But I told him we couldn’t watch them until he’d finished the books.
Spitznagel, Eric|But who cares? Memory isn't about reality, and neither is music. It's about the comforting reflections we want to hold on to, even if they're mostly bullshit.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|The only life that matters is in your mind. The only truth is the one that lives invisibly, that waits even after you close the book. Silence, too, is a kind of music. Silence will last.
Sara Nović, Girl at War|Music, I'd heard him say, was like dessert. He could live without it, but life just wasn't as good.
Frank Ocean|If you could see my thoughts, you could see our faces.
Ibi Kaslik, The Angel Riots|Even though we've devoted our lives to music, we both know that the most important things happen without a soundtrack.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|If we respected only what is inevitable and has a right to be, music and poetry would resound along the streets. When we are unhurried and wise, we perceive that only great and worthy things have any permanent and absolute existence, that petty fears and petty pleasures are but the shadow of the reality. This is always exhilarating and sublime.
Erin Entrada Kelly, Blackbird Fly|None of it mattered, because there was music.
Louis Armstrong|If it sounds good, it is good.
Ikkyu|I can see clouds a thousand miles away, hear ancient music in the pines.
Billy Joel|And the waitress is practicing politicsAs the businessmen slowly get stonedYes, they're sharing a drink they call lonelinessBut its better than drinkin' alone
Sean Egan, Bowie on Bowie: Interviews and Encounters with David Bowie|Bowie talks in great, voluble torrents, darting from one topic to the next, parenthesizing and then parenthesizing the parentheses, as if he has too many ideas for one conversation.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|You won't enjoy it," sighed Crowley. "It's been in the car for more than a fortnight." A heavy bass beat began to thump through the Bentley as they sped past Heathrow. Aziraphale's brow furrowed. "I don't recognize this," he said. "What is it?" "It's Tchaikovsky's 'Another One Bites the Dust'," said Crowley, closing his eyes as they went through Slough. To while away the time as they crossed the sleeping Chilterns, they also listened to William Byrd's "We Are the Champions" and Beethoven's "I Want To Break Free." Neither were as good as Vaughan Williams's "Fat-Bottomed Girls.
Nalini Singh, Secrets at Midnight|What music do you like?” he asked between calls.“Cheery, chirpy pop.”Wincing, he pulled up a station that delivered exactly that. “You owe me.”“Come on”—she turned in her seat to face him once more—“it’s not that bad.”“I’m sorry? I can’t hear you past the sugar blocking my eardrums.
Jennifer Lane, Spiked|Everyone plays guitar alone, but we can play side by side.
Petra Hermans|I do not have to hear your most favourite music.I hear your sweet silent music all the time.Petra Cecilia Maria HermansSeptember 10, 2016Amen
Aditya Bhaskara|If words are not music, they have failed your song.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|It was not the sorrowful, lovely piece she had once played for Dorian, and it was not the light, dancing melodies she'd played for sport; it was not the complex and clever pieces she had played for Nehemia and Chaol. This piece was a celebration—a reaffirmation of life, of glory, of the pain and beauty in breathing.Perhaps that was why she'd gone to hear it performed every year, after so much killing and torture and punishment: as a reminder of that she was, of what she struggled to
Christina Engela, Bugspray|Make sure you date someone who always makes you want to dance, with or without music.
Jared Leto|Don't regret anything you do, because in the end it makes you who you are.
David Ebershoff, The Danish Girl|Anna's voice wasn't a beautiful voice - rough edged and sorrowful, a bit used, somehow male and female at once. Yet it had more vibrancy to it than most Danish voices, which were often thin and white and too pretty to trigger a shiver. Anna's voice had the heat of the south; it warmed Einar, as if her throat were red with coals.
E.B. White, The Trumpet of the Swan|Tonight I heard Louis's horn. My father heard it, too. The wind was right, and I could hear the notes of taps, just as darkness fell. There is nothing in all the world I like better than the trumpet of the swan.
Modest Mussorgsky|And another thing about German symphonic development: [it's] just like German philosophy, all worked out and systematized. When a German thinks, he reasons his way to a conclusion. Our Russian brother, on the other hand, starts with a conclusion and then might amuse himself with reasoning. Just keep one thing in mind. The creative act carries within itself its own aesthetic laws. When an artist revises, it means he is dissatisfied. When he revises what is already satisfying, he is Germanizing, chewing over what has [already] been said. We Russians are not cud chewers; we are omnivores!
K.J. Kilton, Trophy Life|If you are trully in a place that is way from the noise of civilization,you can actually experience what real slience is about.It is filled with sounds of nature.There is a musicality,a harmony to it...
