Robert McLiam Wilson, Eureka Street|(...) I knew I couldn't sleep with her. I don't know - in my small experience of women, I've found it to hard to sleep with them at such times. Times when you get impression that there's more to them than an opportunity. Sleeping with girls was great, sleeping with people was a bit more complicated. Maybe it was a bad thing, maybe a sign of my immaturity, but I knew that there was some kind of tenderness in it as well.
Stephen Demone, Pathetic Pussy|Train that bitch to love you, a bitch like that, she's the type, you have to train, and even then, she'll still try to fuck around on you and test the boundaries, unless you have something no other man has, but to her you're a dick, and her she likes big dicks and muscular men, I can tell.
Osunsakin Adewale|Marital sex is a divine sympony between two people , and God is leading the orchestra .
Eric Bishop-Potter, Jimmy, Mrs Fisher and Me|I catch sight of Janice. Her eyes are so full of excitement that I half expect her to jump up and down. This is something she'll never forget, I tell myself. As an old lady with all the spirit knocked out of her and nobody believe in she'll remember a happy day in July when a horny young guy strutted his stuff and made her heart beat fast.
J.D. Brayton, The Clabber Grrrl's Retreat: A Lurid Tale of Exotic Reptiles, Bloody Murder, and the Fine Art of Baking|FICTION is a series of unintended coincidence,confabulation,and quasi-lucid lying made plausible enough for an author and a reader to cohabitate for a secret, brief and sinful affair. Nothing is real.Except imagination~with a pinch of perception, and a dash of collusion used as the Clabber.Be So Advised.
Sandra Cisneros|I'm not saying I'm not bad. I'm not saying I'm special. But I'm not like the Allport Street girls, who stand in doorways and go with men into alleys.All I know is I didn't want it like that. Not against the bricks or hunkering in somebody's car. I wanted it come undone like gold thread, like a tent full of birds.
John Fowles, The Magus|I want to tell you what's really happened.""Not now. Please not now. Whatever's happened, come and make love to me."And we did make love; not sex, but love; though sex would have been so much wiser.
Nikki Sex, What Wendy Wants|A philosophical discussion ensued about right and wrong, and good and bad. Also about things to be ashamed of and things to be feel guilty about. Could anything carried out between two consensual adults be wrong? And why should they be embarrassed by something a loving partner wanted to try? Right then they made a pact to never lie to each other, and to live out their sexual fantasies together. If two intelligent, loving and happily married people couldn't be honest with each other about their most hidden sexual desires, then who could?
Jennifer Elisabeth|So much has been done to my body, and still, somehow, not enough.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Nobody wanted to be sexless, but nobody wanted to be nothing but sex
Juliet Gauvin, The Freshman: Volume II|I couldn't hear anything or anyone, there was only the sound of our sex and the smell of books.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|We men are the miserable slaves of prejudice. But when a woman decides to sleep with a man, there is no wall she will not scale, no fortress she will not destroy, no moral consideration she will not ignore at its very root: there is no God worth worrying about.
Maggie Shipstead, Astonish Me|Ordinarily, her love affairs are entered into skittishly, sometimes reluctantly. She doesn't dive into bed but flutters in like a wayward moth.
Lily King, Euphoria|Is it always that way with men, that first burst of love or sex the thing that binds you? Do you always have to harken back to those first weeks when just the way he walked across a room made you want to take off all your clothes?
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|If only mankind could hold its own fertility in awe, which is one and the same whether it manifests itself in the spirit or in the flesh. For creativity in the spirit has its origins in the physical kind, is of one nature with it and only a more delicate, more rapt and less fleeting version of the carnal sort of sex.
Victoria Vantoch, The Threesome Handbook: Make the Most of Your Favorite Fantasy - the Ultimate Guide for Tri-Curious Singles and Couples|From the standpoint of integrity, I think we all need to own up to our dirty little secrets. I believe that when we are open about our own strange desires or unusual lives, it paves the way for others to do the same. In the past thirty years, gay men and lesbians took a lot of flack to tell the truth about their love lives and their courage opened the door for a mass migration out of the closet. We’re now at a moment in time when unconventional families (even thirty-year triads and gay couples) are losing their children in custody battles because their families don’t conform to mainstream ideas about what a family should be. Given this context, I want to be someone who stands up for my choices even if they’re unpopular, even if I get snickers at cocktail parties.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Nothing is as unique as sex in nature; it is full of enjoyment, pleasure and happiness. There is no discrimination, no exclusion, no inequality and no racism.
Stephen Demone, Pathetic Pussy|To satiate is a dirty thing, she’s mine, a possession, equally dirty and never satiates.
David Goodis, Of Tender Sin|It was very fast, that first time. They were on the couch, and then they were off the couch and it was all over. It was like jumping out the window and landing on the street. A quick ride, just like that.
Alexis  Hall, Glitterland|I closed my eyes, adding dark to dark, and the wanting unfurled like the sails of a phantom ship. This could be my universe. This nowhere world, circumscribed by skin and breath, where nothing mattered but two bodies moving together. The past and the future rendered irrelevant by the beauty of the now, the sum of the self transmuted into a moment. Oh, was there ever a more seductive definition of madness?
Prabuj|Bitches act, loyal react
Bohra Naono, サークル [The Circle]|I'm not into abuse. It's a given that I'm gentle with you. You're a man, and not young anymore. - Hakuou
Chloe Thurlow, A Girl's Adventure|After making love there is nothing like making love, slowly, idly, like walking without a destination, or swimming in a warm sea.
Riley  Murphy, Reputable Surrender|Don’t be. There isn’t a person alive who hasn’t hurt someone and caused them to suffer. We’re human. We’re supposed to do that from time to time. The divine part comes in when we forgive the person who hurt us most, because we realize they’re worth suffering for."Michael Kavanaugh, Reputable Surrender
Gladys Mitchell, A Speedy Death|Look here, Mrs. Bradley," he said. "I feel a pretty frightful bounder telling you all this about the poor girl, but I think some woman ought to know about it. On Wednesday night, yes, last night, Eleanor came into my bedroom at about half-past twelve and--and wanted to stay there! I thought it was a ghost at first. I had terrible difficulty in getting rid of her. In fact, I had to get out of bed and shove her outside and lock the door. Choice, isn't it?"..."Of course you will lock your door tonight," she said."You bet I shall," Bertie said fervently, "and nothing short of the house catching fire is going to persuade me to open it.
Bobby Adair, Zero Day|Pain today, pussy tomorrow.
Prabuj|Call bitch a bitch , no fucking reasons
Russell D. Moore|sexuality isn’t ancillary to Christianity, in the way some other cultural or political issues are. Marriage and sex point, the Bible says, to a picture of the gospel itself, the union of Christ and his church. This is why the Bible spends so much time, as some critics would put it, “obsessed” with sex. That’s why, historically, churches that liberalize on sex tend to liberalize themselves right out of Christianity itself.
Katie Heaney, Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date|Guys who would make fun of girls for sexual inexperience are terrible people, and when girls do it to other girls it feels even shittier. Guys who shame girls who haven't had sex want them to feel like they aren't doing their job, which is to be sexually available and attractive to guys. (And never mind if they are gay, or just uninterested.) Girls who shame other girls for these reasons are helping those guys. They are saying this: You are not accomplished where it matters, and I am better than you. I have proven that men find me attractive, and that is what counts. These people, boys and girls and men and women alike, are all dickheads.
Chuck Lorre|What exactly does that expression mean, 'friends with benefits'? Does he provide her with health insurance?
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|Gabi glared. "If you want to add some variety to your sex life, why don't you just use your other hand?
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|By erasing any nuance and complexity about porn and sexuality, the virginity movement gives young women only two choices of who they can be sexually: sluts or not sluts. While the first choice doesn't seem attractive, I can guarantee you that most young women are going to go with the option that allows them to have sex. And there's no in-between identity for young women who are making smart, healthy choices in their sexual lives.
Stephen Lewis|One is that if women’s sexuality in Africa wasn’t under assault, if women were able to say no, if women weren’t subject to predatory attacks by men, or predatory behavior generally, then you would have a disease in Africa called AIDS. But you wouldn’t have a pandemic.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|He copulated with a number of girls, but copulation was not the joy it ought to be. It was a mere relief of need, like evacuating, and he felt ashamed of it afterward because it involved another person as object.
Lacey Alexander, Voyeur|Just like real sex, the touching was good, but there came a point in time when a woman needed to be filled - deeply.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|Such a dark green, his eyes. They reminded her of the forest, of all the dangers lying dormant behind that verdant cloak of leaves.
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|...I don't believe you should be a virgin when you get married,' Sera said. 'You should experiment. Men do''Yes, but only if you're in love with them,' I said.
R.A. Nelson, Teach Me|He’s kissing me everywhere, squeezing me, running his fingers over places no one else has touched
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|That top," he said when he dipped his face close, and I realized his voice sounded funny. It was intense but it was also hoarse like when we were fooling around and I understood why when he again spoke. "Tonight, when I fuck you, I want you naked. Later, I want you ridin' my cock wearin' nothin' but that fuckin' top.
Initially NO, Percipience: Outside the Range of Understood Sense|I saw two birds having dangerously kinky sex on the main road, while several cars ran above them just missing the sparrows’ toss and tumble fly away. The couple survived to try it again next season on a railway line!
Nora Roberts, Angels Fall|Well, I'd have more zing with George Clooney and Harrison Ford in a threesome, but neither of us are going to get that wish.
Benjamin McQueen, Transports of Delight|Silence fills the sweet walk from the park. Our first encounter buzzing between us in the dark winter night. Holding your hand we know the connection, the special bond that has grown between two souls...
Lacey Alexander, Bad Girl by Night|I know we planned to walk down to Schubert's for burgers, but can we go upstairs first?' She raised her eyebrows. 'What for?' 'Because I need to be inside you. Like...now.
Josephine Myles, Handle with Care|I'd missed this so much, this simple pleasure. The sensation of a heavy shaft sliding over my tongue, pushing deeper and deeper into me until my lips bumped against my hand.
G.M. Ford, Who in Hell Is Wanda Fuca?|Where’s Nadine?” “She went out for a walk the other day and didn’t come back.” “Really.” I tried to sound surprised. “No sweat,” he said. “Pussy may well be the only true renewable resource, Leo. I’ve got another one lined up for when I get back.” I had to admire a man with that kind of insight and planning.
Erin Nicholas, Just Right|She walked around the edge of the table to position her next shot. As she pulled her cue back she was confident that she would only need one more shot after this. But as she started her forward motion, Ben leaned over."Look at this picture," he said softly. "A long stick, hard balls, you bent over the table..."She missed.
Gina L Maxwell|Holy shit, you're so big."He wasn't a conceited ass when it came to his dick, but it wasn't the first time he'd heard a woman say that. However, coming from Lucie, he suddenly felt like He-Man, minus the fur underwear.
Jimmy Carr|When I travel, I get lovesick. Well, they call it chlamydia.
Matt Haig, The Humans|And after that, after the awkward shuffling away of that last thin layer of clothes, words retreated to the sounds they once were. We had sex. A happy entanglement of warm limbs and warmer love. A physical and psychological merging that conjured a kind of inner light, a bio-emotional phosphorescence, that was overwhelming in its gorgeousness. I wondered why they weren’t prouder of it. Of this magic. I wondered why, if they had to have flags, why they didn’t just opt for one with a picture of sex.
Susan Andersen, Baby, Don't Go|You really are young, aren't you, Blondie? You know how the game is played—people'll say anything in the heat of the moment.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|Don't ever think you're better than a drug addict, because your brain works the same as theirs. You have the same circuits. And drugs would affect your brain in the same way it affects theirs. The same thought process that makes them screw up over and over again would make you screw up over and over as well, if you were in their shoes. You probably already are doing it, just not with heroin or crack, but with food or cigarettes, or something else you shouldn't be doing.
Heather O'Neill, The Girl Who Was Saturday Night|Oh, we had a lot of sex back then in Montreal; it wasn’t just me. Blame it on the cold. The roses in everyone’s cheeks made them seem way more appealing than they actually were. We confused the indoors with intimacy and electric heating with connection.
S.L. Jennings|She'd stutter all the reasons why she shouldn't, shaking her head adamantly. But her body..her body would grow hot with excitement. She'd get wet at the thrill of it. So fucking wet that i'd smell her, telling me she's not even wearing panties to smother her spicy scent. When my hand touched hers, still clutched to her chest, she'd flinch but she wouldn't pull away. She'd let me guide it between her swollen breasts and down to her flat belly, brushing the bit of exposed skin where the hem of her shirt rides up. Then I'd let her fingers play with the jewel in her navel, manipulating each digit as if that diamond-studded barbell was her clit. Demonstrating how I would stroke it for her.
Skye Eagleday, Dark Passions: Dark Romance Boxed Set|Sticks and Stones may break my bones,but whips and chains excite me.So throw me down, tie me up,and show me how you like me.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|Well, you finally got me," Helen had whispered to him, tearfully, but Garp had sprawled there, on his back on the wrestling mat, wondering who had gotten whom.
R.J. Keller, Waiting For Spring|Sleep. It’s like sex. You know it’s good, but you don’t know just how good until you’re not getting any.
Pet Torres, Ardent Affection|I CAME INTO THIS WORLD TO ROB YOUR HEART, IN THE SAME WAY AS YOU CAME INTO THIS WORLD TO ROB MY VIRGINITY." ~Emily
Mark Helprin, A Soldier of the Great War|I think it takes some terrible or great event to fuse two people together without inhibition. Without heat or shock, it can't be done. I believe that's why sexual love, which needn't be, is so intensely intertwined with sin.
Pet Torres, Ardent Affection|However, I have an enormous desire to change his way of life and try to re-educate him with the ingredient called ardent affection.~Emily
Jackson Radcliffe, The Yoga Sutras|In the beginning Dave and Marlene’s relationship had been fantastic. The sex was amazing. There were other good things too of course, but Dave couldn't always remember exactly what they were. But the sex had been off the scale.
Marilyn Pappano, Murphy's Law|His jeans, soft against her legs, made her realize that twice tonight they'd done the deed with him more dressed than not. She liked such desperation in a man.
Pet Torres, Ardent Affection|Love, he does not know this word, and worse, he does not know that feeling in his existence. ~Emily
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|Aw, so he used you as a penis cozy and then left? Guys are pigs.
Charles   Williams, The Hot Spot|There was no way to kiss her like a good boy. You could start out that way, but you always ended up on the other side of the tracks. If you hated her, it didn’t make any difference; it worked just the same.
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|You have damaged me!" He finally murmurs with his hoarse voice. "I gave up earning $ 40,000.00 tonight!" ~Larsson TIGER
Donna Leon, Quietly in Their Sleep|..if you put people on a diet, they start thinking about food. Or if you make someone stop smoking, all they think about is cigarettes. It seems logical enough to me that if you tell a person he can't have sex, he's going to be obsessive about the subject. Then to give him the power to tell other people how to run their sex lives, well, that's just asking for trouble. In a way, it's like having a blind person teach Art History, isn't it?
Sam Lipsyte, Venus Drive|It's hard to fuck your girlfriend when she's fucked up and you're not. It's harder than the skee-ball they used to have at the Plaza arcade, all that agony over a fuzzy piece.
Pet Torres, Ardent Affection|Do it, SENATOR! And it will be the end of your career! Everyone will love to know of a scandal involving a senator who loves abusing luxury prostitutes." ~Larsson
Charles   Williams, The Hot Spot|Her mouth was soft and moist, and she came to me like a dachshund jumping into your lap.
Charles   Williams, The Hot Spot|Harry,” she said, her voice a little thick with the whisky. “You found the way, didn’t you?” What’s so wonderful about it? I thought. Dogs do.
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|I want to have a record of your nudity in one of my works of art."~Larsson TIGER
Michael Bassey Johnson|A man's love for a woman is not defined by his availability in bed, but by every ingredient he adds to improve the taste of the relationship.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Queen|And in the stillness before dawn, on the brink of a war that could tear us apart, our auras danced and twined in the darkness, coiling around each other until they finally merged, becoming one.
Jackson Radcliffe, The Yoga Sutras|The point of tantric sex was supposedly to harness sexual energy to awaken higher consciousness. It was just like yoga, but way more fun.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't run around looking for someone who can sexually satisfy you, run around and look for the book which will intellectually satisfy you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If a woman's vagina was hell fire, then alot of sex maniacs would prefer to spend their eternity in hell.
Isaac Bashevis Singer, Enemies: A Love Story|At moments when Herman fantasized about a new metaphysics, or even a new religion, he based everything on the attraction of the sexes. In the beginning was lust. The godly, as well as the human, principle is desire. Gravity, light, magnetism, thought may be aspects of the same universal longing. Suffering, emptiness, darkness are nothing more than interruptions of a cosmic orgasm that grows forever in intensity...
Shannon Lynette, Lady on a Wire|Your presence resembles a dirty martini,she only drinks it when she’s thirsty.
Michael Bassey Johnson|To all ladies who like offering sex to a man in the first few weeks of dating, this is what happens: Once he penetrates you, he will start seeing invisible spots on your face, which means that the honor and respect is gone! And now he would be targeting another cheap meat, and if he can buy it, then he concludes that all women are whore. If he continues to exploit women, then your name will be among the list of his thousand of whores.
Jessica Sorensen, Broken Visions|Seriously, it's like watching mild porn, watching you two eye fuck each other every two seconds.
M.T. Anderson, Feed|It was a strange moment, like when you get sad after sex, and it feels like it's too late in the afternoon, even if it's morning, or night, and you turn away from the other person, and they turn away from you, and you lie there, and when you turn back towards them you can both see each other's moles. Usually there seem to shadows from Venetian blinds all across your legs.
Ross Macdonald, Find a Victim|She didn't look like any motel manager I had ever seen. More likely an actress who hadn't quite made the grade down south, or a very successful amateur tart on the verge of turning pro. Whatever her business was, there had to be sex in it. She was as full of sex as a grape is full of juice, and so young that it hadn't begun to sour.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Now his work-mates pitied him, although they tried not to show it, and it was generally arranged that he was given jobs which allowed him to work alone. The smell of ink, and the steady rhythm of the press, then induced in him a kind of peace - it was the peace he felt when he arrived early, at a time when he might be the only one to see the morning light as it filtered through the works or to hear the sound of his footsteps echoing through the old stone building. At such moments he was forgetful of himself and thus of others until he heard their voices, raised in argument or in greeting, and he would shrink into himself again. At other times he would stand slightly to one side and try to laugh at their jokes, but when they talked about sex he became uneasy and fell silent for it seemed to him to be a fearful thing. He still remembered how the girls in the schoolyard used to chant,Kiss me, kiss me if you canI will put you in my pan,Kiss me, kiss me as you saidI will fry you till you're deadAnd when he thought of sex, it was as of a process which could tear him limb from limb. He knew from his childhood reading that, if he ran into the forest, there would be a creature lying in wait for him.
Jenny Mollen, I Like You Just the Way I Am: Stories About Me and Some Other People|The majority of our relationship took place over the phone, saving me tons of calories in unswallowed semen.
Tonya D. Floyd, The Signature Movement|Love with your whole heart, and never be sorry you did.--tdf
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|I thought he was an angel in black clothes, but in fact, he is the demon in person," ~Emily
Stephan Attia, Aunt Jante Needs You!|When a basic human need becomes a taboo, it is only a matter of time before it turns into a hideous industry.
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|I do not want to discourage you, but if you really feel something for Larsson TIGER, try to forget him! He is not the right man for you. In fact, he is not a right man for any woman in this world." She stands and walks to the bathroom saying, "Larsson TIGER only thinks about tigers, money and fun.
Cecil Brown, The Life and Loves of Mr. Jiveass Nigger|Hell, everybody is a masochist. Some of us are just a little more private.
Taylor Marsh, The Sexual Education of a Beauty Queen|Women are caught between feminism and the pornification of America, and men are, too. I spent my youth squatting on a pedestal, the beauty queen who couldn’t get laid. I’ve been a Relationship Consultant, phone sex diva, mistress, been fought over, lived with hunks who treated me as the trophy, then couldn’t deliver. Now I’m married, because he wouldn’t take no for an answer, and I’m grateful he didn’t. I always knew what I wanted, which is where it all begins. I can help others get theirs, too.” - Taylor Marsh
Andy Warhol|After being alive, the next hardest work is having sex.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Whether you studied sexology or not, nobody will teach you how to screw, nobody will point to your vagina and say, hey that's where you pee and bonk! And nobody will say, hey, your penis can ejaculate when you stroke or slide it into a woman's punani!
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|I have an unforgettable destiny for this girl's virginity."~Larsson TIGER
Julie Klausner, I Don't Care About Your Band: Lessons Learned from Indie Rockers, Trust Funders, Pornographers, Felons, Faux-Sensitive Hipsters, and Other Guys I've Dated|If anybody studying psychology wants a concrete example of what a narcissist looks like, I advise them to consider any man who cheats on his wife. These guys are the textbook me-firsters, the ones who think the rules don't apply to them, the ones who tell themselves as long as she doesn't know, there's no harm done. No woman needs to sleep with these guys. There are so many single self-absorbed narcissists who will fuck you poorly.
Katie Heaney, Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date|Sex is not a wizard, whatever magical-seeming properties it might possess in its better forms. If your friend says to you, "You're being mean, you need to get laid," your problem is not sex. Your problems are that you might be acting like an asshole, and your friends are definitely idiots.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Comfort|Take off your damned wrapper! The old buffer ordered, looking intensely at her lower part. Comfort was on her knees, rubbing the old man's dirty feet. All her plea and tears continually worsen the whole matter. I want to do you harder cos you gonna be fucked by other folks who needs a large hole, said the man, moving towards her. Comfort struggled with all her feminine might, but the old masculine but old man ripped her wrapper and slapped her on the face. Lie here, Lie here! I'm gonna do what your old man did to your mama and its gonna sweet you. She screamed as the man's organ prick her glory hole like a sharp needle.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|If the love is not madness, then the sex is not insane
Jess C. Scott, Playmates|They seemed to be together as one, somewhere else in a place that was lighter than air.
Layne Harper, Infinity.|I mean, Charlie and I have never had issues pleasuring each other before, but damn, Charlie getting pregnant equals crazy sex. Wild sex. Sex that makes me feel like I'm being used. Best. Feeling.Ever.
Kathy Acker, Eurydice in the Underworld|INTENSE SEXUAL DESIRE IS THE GREATEST THING IN THE WORLDJaney dreams of cocks. Janey sees cocks instead of objects. Janey has to fuck.This is the way Sex drives Janey crazy: Before Janey fucks, she keeps her wants in cells. As soon as Janey's fucking she wants to be adored as much as possible at the same time as, its other extreme, ignored as much as possible. More than this: Janey can no longer perceive herself wanting. Janey is Want.It's worse than this: If Janey gets sexually rejected her body becomes sick. If she doesn't get who she wants she naturally revolts.
Lacey Alexander, Bad Girl by Night|It wasn't awful to be a man's sex object if you wanted to be, if it made you feel good, if everyone was happy in the end.
Richard Stark, The Hunter|For you, that tree is dead.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Creating True Peace: Ending Violence in Yourself, Your Family, Your Community, and the World|Fifteen years ago, a business manager from the United States came to Plum Village to visit me. His conscience was troubled because he was the head of a firm that designed atomic bombs. I listened as he expressed his concerns. I knew if I advised him to quit his job, another person would only replace him. If he were to quit, he might help himself, but he would not help his company, society, or country. I urged him to remain the director of his firm, to bring mindfulness into his daily work, and to use his position to communicate his concerns and doubts about the production of atomic bombs.In the Sutra on Happiness, the Buddha says it is great fortune to have an occupation that allows us to be happy, to help others, and to generate compassion and understanding in this world. Those in the helping professions have occupations that give them this wonderful opportunity. Yet many social workers, physicians, and therapists work in a way that does not cultivate their compassion, instead doing their job only to earn money. If the bomb designer practises and does his work with mindfulness, his job can still nourish his compassion and in some way allow him to help others. He can still influence his government and fellow citizens by bringing greater awareness to the situation. He can give the whole nation an opportunity to question the necessity of bomb production.Many people who are wealthy, powerful, and important in business, politics, and entertainment are not happy. They are seeking empty things - wealth, fame, power, sex - and in the process they are destroying themselves and those around them. In Plum Village, we have organised retreats for businesspeople. We see that they have many problems and suffer just as others do, sometimes even more. We see that their wealth allows them to live in comfortable conditions, yet they still suffer a great deal.Some businesspeople, even those who have persuaded themselves that their work is very important, feel empty in their occupation. They provide employment to many people in their factories, newspapers, insurance firms, and supermarket chains, yet their financial success is an empty happiness because it is not motivated by understanding or compassion. Caught up in their small world of profit and loss, they are unaware of the suffering and poverty in the world. When we are not int ouch with this larger reality, we will lack the compassion we need to nourish and guide us to happiness.Once you begin to realise your interconnectedness with others, your interbeing, you begin to see how your actions affect you and all other life. You begin to question your way of living, to look with new eyes at the quality of your relationships and the way you work. You begin to see, 'I have to earn a living, yes, but I want to earn a living mindfully. I want to try to select a vocation not harmful to others and to the natural world, one that does not misuse resources.'Entire companies can also adopt this way of thinking. Companies have the right to pursue economic growth, but not at the expense of other life. They should respect the life and integrity of people, animals, plants and minerals. Do not invest your time or money in companies that deprive others of their lives, that operate in a way that exploits people or animals, and destroys nature.Businesspeople who visit Plum Village often find that getting in touch with the suffering of others and cultivating understanding brings them happiness. They practise like Anathapindika, a successful businessman who lived at the time of the Buddha, who with the practise of mindfulness throughout his life did everything he could to help the poor and sick people in his homeland.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Love is the essential ingredient. Without it, sex is meaningless, approval is bribery, and success is short-lived.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Thinking about the bed leaves you horny, but thinking beyond the bed gives you honor, freedom and wisdom.
Crystal Evans, Mama Brown's Family|I tell my christian relatives that "churchianity" is the central reason the church is not teeming with young people. The hypocrisy within the church is not concealed from this growing, informed generation. The arrogance among church goers is unnerving, Jesus was such a humble individual to begin with, he did not discriminate.
Judith Ivory, Untie My Heart|Tied up a lot of women, have you?" He raised one eyebrow, whatever that meant. "A bit odd, are you?" She was being sarcastic, trying to taunt him into a sense of guilt. While perhaps bursting any bubble in herself of misguided, soft-hearted concern for a man with sad eyes and complicated wealth. Though his sexual inclinations were perhaps not the wisest of barbs to do either. He looked down at her, speculative."Difficult to say." He actually answered the question seriously. "Legally? Decidedly. But then British laws on the subject are so guilt-ridden I'm surprised we've propagated as a race." He mad a small, grim smile. "How delightful we're having this conversation. And what is it you like?
Travis Luedke|There’s something sexy about a naked woman gritting her teeth in pain, even when it shouldn’t be sexy.
Jo Walton, Among Others|On the one hand, Gramma and Grampar never mentioned sex at all. They must have done it, or they wouldn’t have had Auntie Teg and my mother, but I don’t think they did it more than twice. Then there’s the way they talk about sex in school and in church. And there’s no sex, hardly any love stuff at all, in Middle Earth, which always made me think yes, the world would be better off without it.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Alice on the Outside|I sure wasn't going to ask Aunt Sally, because if she told me once that getting your period was like a moth becoming a butterfly, she'd probably say that sexual intercourse was like a deer getting antlers or something.
Terri Osburn, Home to Stay|Finally, Beth said, "I thought you already were a couple.""No. We were having sex.
Lizzie Ashworth, A Gift for Jarrod|No use kidding herself. This situation with Jarrod was a slippery slope. She’d had plenty of men since Sam, attractive, well endowed, charming in many ways. Jarrod was different, and she needed to figure out why before she found herself in the middle of stupid. She had a business to think of, people who depended on her for their livelihood, even more people present and future who needed the services she offered. It wasn’t just a job, damn it, it was a mission. No one should be as out of touch with themselves as thoroughly as she had been. For as long.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Perhaps the most important sexual tool is consciousness. If we think we are "not enough" or "too much," we surely are. Similarly, when you give a gift, create artwork, or perform any task with the thought that it's "not enough" or "too much," it surely will be.
Trebor Healey, A Horse Named Sorrow|My emotions were like a crowd. Give ’em what they want. Barabbas or the J-man. There’s gonna be a crucifixion. Well, more or less. Because if you ask me, purveyor of useless facts, the promise of sex with someone you’re starting to like puts you smack dab in the centre of time, history, and the universe itself. Right there in West Oakland no less. The birth of a new religion, and all the madness that ensues.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|It was true. After our divorce, I'd ended up in a slight relationship with my last research assistant, Aurelia Feinstein, age 34-though let me state for the record it was not as hot as it sounded. Making love to Aurelia was like rummaging through a card catalog in a deserted library, searching for one very obscure little red entry on Hungarian poetry. It was dead silent, no one gave me any dierection, and nothing was where it was supposed to be.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I have come to realize that my stupid gestures excites women alot, and if I'm really stupid, i will dare to take them to bed and excite them even more.
Randi Black, The Light of the World|I'm not a religious man, but I do worship your ass.
Vinnie Tesla|Our culture teaches that sex is for the sexy, and the only way to be sexy is to be pretty. No wait--that's still too weak. Sex should properly arise from sexiness. For unsexy people--fat people, old people, funny-looking people, disabled people--to even feel sexual desire is inappropriate, perverse, disgusting. For them to engage in sexual display is offensive. For them to have sex...well, there oughta be a law.
Christopher Moore, The Serpent of Venice|I'm feeling full of tiny princes, bustling to get out into the world and start plotting against one another.
Oche Otorkpa|Globally, millions of married men and women engage the servicesof sex workers each year. Despite growing health concerns aboutthe increased risk of STDs and HIV AIDS this trade continues toblossom, leading to the premature termination of several lives andthe dissolution of several marriages.
Baris Gencel|Sex is more than an act of pleasure, it is a way of showing your appreciation and love to the loved body through her senses.
Chelsea M. Cameron, For Real|Sex is one of those things that's complete loss of control. You give yourself up, in your most vulnerable state, to another person, and they give themselves to you.
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|As the world confronts the challenges of globalisation, theentertainment Industry and a web saturated with explicit sexualcontent, is increasingly making it difficult for young people to makeinformed decisions about sex
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|So many interests compete for our young people, from drug baronsto sex traffickers who are constantly looking for ways to revive their ageing workforce
Brandon Villasenor|Her beauty must have been exhausting and not to mention troublesome. Glitter swiftly made it's way into the vibrant strands that graced her lavish eyelashes. Each blink, each pressing moment, time seemed to have stopped and I felt as if, her charm could fill an entire room and with every set of eyes locked onto her, somehow the glare of her shimmering wet lipgloss could take care of everyones problems. That as soon as her heavenly music flowed through their wine glasses, that they too were apart of something such bigger, much grander. I believed, when I stood beside her; I became more handsome.
Scarlet Wolfe, One Plea|Sculpt my body into what you see in your mind … into what you desire. Paint me with marks, bruises and bites. Please, Damon, do whatever you crave … what you need to keep only wanting me.
Marie Phillips, Gods Behaving Badly|I've never had sex," repeated Artemis. "Never wanted to." It was her turn not to look at him as she spoke. "Not with a man or with a woman, or with an animal, though my family joke about it. And I never will. The thought of it disgusts me. But the others - my family - they think that means I haven't got any feelings. That I could never care about anyone, that I don't know what love is, just because I don't-" she shuddered. "But you know what?" she said, turning to him now. "I really loved my dogs. Everyone laughs at me for it, but it's true. The time I spent with them, running, hunting, those were the happiest times of my life. They understood me. They were animals but they understood me far better than anyone in my family ever will. We shared something, we were the same. And they made me kill them.
Carrie Mesrobian, Sex & Violence|... I believe strongly in condoms. They avert babies and disease. They make you seem responsible, not slutty. They make the girl relax too, because you’re taking care of the risky part. Like you’re a professional. Roll it on, squeeze the tip, turn back to her, ready, set go. Like I’d just done a little disappearing act on myself and became something confident and wonderful. You can’t see through my latex disguise! You will love this so let’s get down! You don’t want to know how many times this worked in my favor.God I feel like a fucking asshole sometimes. All the time, really.
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|They can’t help it, you know. It happens in the egg,” she reasoned. “As soon as they grow that genitalia, intelligence goes right out the window and we’re left with this thing that just wants to stick it in any hole.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|In order not to make a liar out of Henry or Katherine, one or the other, the committee men think up circumstances in which the match may have been partly consummated, or somewhat consummated, and to do this they have to imagine every disaster and shame that can occur between a man and a woman alone in a room in the dark.
Toni Morrison|Naturally all of them had a sad story: too much notice, not enough, or the worst kind. Some tale about dragon daddies and false-hearted men, or mean mamas and friends who did them wrong. Each story has a monster in it who made them tough instead of brave, so they open their legs rather than their hearts where that folded child is tucked.
Scarlet Wolfe, One Plea|Give me your wrists, Alayna. I sense your impatience, and I know exactly where you intend for those hands to go.
Anne Stirling Hastings|Transformational Fiction teaches how to assess, understand, and heal sexuality.
Christopher Isherwood, Christopher and His Kind|...I remember a rainy, depressing afternoon when she remarked 'What a pity we can't make love, there's nothing else to do,' and he agreed that it was and there wasn't.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|Sex, like art, can unsettle a soul, can grind a heart in a mortar. Sex, like literature, can sneak the other within one's wall, even if for only a moment, a moment before one immures oneself again.
G.A. Aiken, What a Dragon Should Know|It wasn’t the first time he’d run for his life. And it most likely wouldnot be the last. In the past few decades, though, he’d mostly run fromangry fathers who’d found him where they felt he should not be. Or he’drun from town guards—sent by angry fathers who’d found him where theyfelt he should not be.
Sara Sheridan, Secret of the Sands|Kissing her is like drinking salted water, he thinks. His thirst only increases.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|I don’t know. You’ll have to ask him yourself.”She sat up enough to look him in the eye. “I am not talking toyour…your…”“Mighty throbbing manhood?”“Briec.”“That which brings you much delirious pleasure?”“Briec.”“That which makes you whole?”“Stop it, dragon. You’re making me physically ill.” ...“Ow!”“Be nice, woman. I’m not used to this.”She rubbed her ass and glared at him. “Do that again and you’lllose that which you believe makes me whole.
Kevin Bacon|Any marriage is hard work. But what I always say is, "Keep the fights clean and the sex dirty.
Pamela Cummins, Insights for Singles: Steps to Find Everlasting Love|Keep Your Pants OnSome people believe the myth that if you do NOT have sex by the third date the relationship is going nowhere. What a joke!!! Why would you have sex with a complete stranger? This person could be married, a psycho, or have an interesting disease that could be spread to you. Get to know the person for who they are, no matter how great their body is. Why risk having sex before discovering you really do not like them? Think before you get naked!
Choire Sicha, Very Recent History: An Entirely Factual Account of a Year (c. AD 2009) in a Large City|Sometimes work was just what you clocked into while you were falling in love. Sometimes sex was just something you did while you weren't at work. Drugs were something you did sometimes when you couldn't deal with one of those things, or with yourself. The City was so expensive and so grueling sometimes that it was easy to be unsure why you were there. Many were there to make money, money that could largely only be made there, in the long spiny arms of industries that could never grow anywhere else or anywhere smaller. Some people just liked it, its loudness and crowdedness and surprises. Some started there for a reason and then couldn't imagine being anywhere else, but maybe lost track of that reason along the way. Some people had a plan. Some were just chancing it. Either way the months flew by, and over the years you came up with something or you came up with not much.
Irvine Welsh|Okay baby, let's take this rocket to Uranus. This hoor is perfect, and she can act as well.
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|He has a light, fumbling brutality, which several times makes me think that this time it’ll cost me my sanity. In our dawning, mutual intimacy, I induce him to open the little slit in the head of his penis so I can put my clitoris inside and fuck him.
Barbara Elsborg, With or Without Him| 'A hundred and seventy two multiplied by thirteen,' Tyler gasped. 'Two thousand two hundred and thirty six.' 'You're not supposed to bloody tell me. I'm trying to distract myself.' He opened one eye and glared at Haris. 'How come you can still think straight? How come you can work it out that fast?' 'Good at maths, good at multi-tasking, just good.' Tyler groaned. 'Well, see if you can count to ten before I come. Anything over ten is a miracle.' 
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|Sometimes you don’t even have to have sex at all, and for that kind of sicko, you charge double.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|She took another step. The simple motion of her moving leg was like a dance, the unexaggerated shifting of her hip entrancing as a fire. The arch of her bare foot said more of sex than anything I'd seen in my young life.
Sara Sheridan|She wishes her grandmother had not been so protective, and that she understood better what passes between a man and woman. As it is, she simply enjoys the feelings and wonders if they are what lightning is made of, for everything comes back to the weather. Tears like rain. Smiles like the sun. Hair as dry as sand and fear like the dark ocean.
Arzum Uzun, Nerdesin Aşkım?|Okay," i said. "If i can not find anybody to have sex, i call you."He smiled. "When you'll find out you have not anybody to love, you'll call.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|My generation was, in effect, the product of a social experiment. If we did not understand marital intimacy, it was because we had not seen it modelled. We lurched from relationship to relationship, dazzled by the newness of meaninglessness, relentless in our search for something even the most perceptive of us could not identify.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|Strauss admits to being obsessed by his mother's rejection, and with the resultant rents in self-esteem. The Game echoes with disturbingly abusive comments leveled at his adolescent self, a self he feels was unacceptable. With bravado, he expresses regret that he didn’t rack up more sexual conquests in his teens; in person, he expresses a truer regret that he was intimidated by life itself.
Jessica N. Watkins, Secrets of a Side Bitch 3|Before the dick, I had my shit together. I had goals, dreams, and aspirations. But after the dick, I was lost, turned out all over again, and needed Iyanla to fix my life.
Sara Sheridan, The Secret Mandarin|It occurred to me that as a man I could do anything, everything I wanted.
Fereidoon Yazdi|If you love life, you'll always enjoy fucking each other!
Sara Sheridan, Secret of the Sands|His heart is pounding and when he kisses her it is as if the whole of Riyadh disappears – the wide sky, the hard surface of the roof, the date palms and the water wells.
Sara Sheridan, Truth Or Dare|We had laid down the law : no chocolate, no sex.
Ella Frank, Try|Careful tate, I'm already turned on, you know how hot I get when you're mean to me.
Brandi L. Bates, Soledad|Give me Pablo Neruda, picnic beneath a full moon & iridescent stars, black olives, cherries, dark things, canoe on a river...that's romance.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|He didn’t even apologize as he sat up, staring down at her. Washe angry? She guessed not when he began to speak to his erection.“I know. I can’t believe she left us like this either. Cruel wench,isn’t she?”After the long, frightening, horrible day she had, this was notremotely how she expected to end it. And, against her will, shesmiled.“Look. Now she’s laughing at us.”Desperately fighting a bout of laughter, she ordered, “Stoptalking to it.”He shrugged. “Well you won’t talk to him…and he’s feelingawfully lonely. And I think you hurt his feelings.” Then he made itbounce twice in agreement.Talaith covered her face and sighed. What exactly did hermother tell her the seven signs of madness were? Well, a dragontalking to his own shaft had to be one of them.
Lilly Avalon, Here All Along: A Short Story|God, you're so sweet.” He holds my face in his hands and kisses me deeply. I slowly unzip his hoodie and touch a hand to his bare chest. I relish in the feel of it. Barely an hour ago I was admiring it from afar, and now it's no longer just a tease. When I slide my hand down to his stomach, he groans and his hands slip just under my shirt. “So that's why you didn't want to change.” I can feel his smile against my lips. “You just wanted me to take your clothes off for you.”“Guilty.” I lift my arms for him to pull it off. Instead of returning to kissing me, his eyes roam down my body. I fight the urge to cover myself; even though my bra is still on, I feel exposed. His hands lightly touch each side along the seam. My breath catches in my throat.Meeting my eyes, he says, “You're so damn beautiful.” He leans forward, pressing a soft kiss in between my breasts. I shiver at the light touch of his lips to my sensitive skin. If this is how he makes me feel with such little contact, then how will the rest of this feel? The need is building inside like a spark starting a fire.
Shay Savage, Uncockblockable|I’m going to make you feel so good,” I swore to her, “that you’re going to not just scream my name, but forget yours.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|Morfyd’s care.As she walked out of the cave she passed Annwyl walking in. The girl had her swords in one hand. The other hand held her ripped shirt and bindings over her ample breasts. Her brows angled down into a dark frown and she wouldn’t even look at Morfyd as she passed.“How did that talk go then?” Morfyd called over her shoulder.“Shut. Up.”Morfyd laughed as she advanced into the glen toward the clearing where she could take off. She rounded a corner and came upon her brother, his chainmail shirt and sword in his big hand, heading toward the hidden entrance of his cave. She watched him as he passed and she noticed the long scratches across his back.“How did that talk go then?” Morfyd called over her shoulder.“Shut. Up.”Morfyd shook her head. If love always made you this pathetic, she wanted nothing to do with it.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|I tried to bring up boyfriends and sex. Her great dark eyes surveyed me with emptiness and a kind of chagrin that reached back generations and generations in her blood from not having done what was crying to be done--whatever it was, and everybody knows what it was.
Cara McKenna, Willing Victim|Okay. We've got about twenty minutes before I get mean again.' She laughed, relieved the night was still young, 'What are you, some kind of sex-werewolf?
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|He had violent passions, and on occasion desire seized his body so that he was driven to an orgy of lust, but he hated the instincts that robbed him of his self-possession. I think, even, he hated the inevitable partner in his debauchery. When he had regained command over himself, he shuddered at the sight of the woman he had enjoyed. His thoughts floated then serenely in the empyrean, and he felt towards her the horror that perhaps the painted butterfly, hovering about the flowers, feels to the filthy chrysalis from which it has triumphantly emerged. I suppose that art is a manifestation of the sexual instinct. It is the same emotion which is excited in the human heart by the sight of a lovely woman, the Bay of Naples under the yellow moon, and the Entombment of Titian. It is possible that Strickland hated the normal release of sex because it seemed to him brutal by comparison with the satisfaction of artistic creation.
Shay Savage, Otherwise Unharmed|You love that, don't you?" I growled. "Being hammered by my cock... you must think you're in... fucking... heaven."Punctuation by cock thrust - the very best kind.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|I didn't understand what it was about men—not all men, but a good portion of them—that turned a good, solid “NO” into an “I'm just playing coy; try harder.
Andrew Vachss, Only Child|A couple of buffoons were running for some state-senate seat just vacated by the incumbent's prison term. One accused the other of being "against the Internet" - a knockout punch in a world where whole hordes of humans think better sex is a faster modem.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There is a correlation between the number of days since a man last had sex, and, the number of women that he is convinced he is in love with, or, the number of things that he is willing to do for a woman.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When coming to sex: First served, first come.
Gena Showalter, Jewel of Atlantis|It is my job-no,-my privilege-to make the fire become an inferno. -Gray
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|Well, you didn’t think I’d just roll over, did you?”“Actually I was hoping for an on-all-fours sort of thing.
Colleen McCarty, Mounting the Whale|Guys have a mental calendar of days in the week, and below the days are empty boxes. On days when they have sex, the box gets a checked. The check mark means all is good and right in the world. An empty box means...not that.
Sarah  Winter, Snowbound|Satan's warming me a throne, that's how long [I've been watching you]. Not a chair, not a seat at the bar. The big guy's got a throne with my name on it.
Sarah  Winter, Snowbound|His impulsive buss had been as beautiful as a first kiss to a child. And, she felt, as important.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There is a correlation between the number of days since a man last had sex, and, the number of women that he is convinced he is in love with.
Iris Johansen, Deadlock|How the hell do I know? It just hurts me to think about it....And its not because you're a great lay. Though you are. But I've had great lays before, and I didn't get torn up. You should have known it would come down to this." Garrett
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|THE NEXT DAY WAS RAIN-SOAKED and smelled of thick sweet caramel, warm coconut and ginger. A nearby bakery fanned its daily offerings. A lapis lazuli sky was blanketed by gunmetal gray clouds as it wept crocodile tears across the parched Los Angeles landscape.When Ivy was a child and she overheard adults talking about their break-ups, in her young feeble-formed mind, she imagined it in the most literal of essences. She once heard her mother speaking of her break up with an emotionally unavailable man.She said they broke up on 69th Street. Ivy visualized her mother and that man breaking into countless fragments, like a spilled box of jigsaw pieces. And she imagined them shattered in broken shards, being blown down the pavement of 69th Street.For some reason, on the drive home from Marcel’s apartment that next morning, all Ivy could think about was her mother and that faceless man in broken pieces, perhaps some aspects of them still stuck in cracks and crevices of the sidewalk, mistaken as grit.She couldn’t get the image of Marcel having his seizure out of her mind. It left a burning sensation in the center of her chest. An incessant flame torched her lungs, chest, and even the back door of her tongue. Witnessing someone you cared about experiencing a seizure was one of those things that scribed itself indelibly on the canvas of your mind. It was gut-wrenching. Graphic and out-of-body, it was the stuff that post traumatic stress syndrome was made of.
Laura A. Lord, The Telling|He’s a steamroller in my life and I like to be laid out flat. I like his hands on my chest, pushing me down whenever my back turns to the span of a bridge. His hands on my thighs, forcing me flat, flat, flat. Yes. Yes, I like that.
J.M. Ledgard, Submergence|jinn . . . occupy bodies which are in a liminal state . . . when consciousness is a sheet of copper beaten down, mirroring only the moment
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|I like this dirty Chase, this crude and irreverent man. I want to go where he's taking me. I need to be dragged down to where he is so we can build ourselves back up, together, stronger.
Charles Bukowski, Women|She would have been a better fuck in Greece, maybe. America was a shitty place to fuck.
Scarlett Dawn, King Cave|His lips slowly twitched. “As a gentleman, I think you should sleep off the drugs in your system.” Again, his wide, full lips curved wickedly. “Unless you plan to move your hand lower, then I might forget I’m acting the gentleman because, really, I’m not all that gentlemanly.
J.D. Robb, New York to Dallas|I wasn't going to have dessert, but it was right there, all gooey and sweet. It's like sex. I mean, when it's right there, what are you supposed to do? I wasn't going to have that either--sex--with my parents bunking in the office, but, well, it was right there.""I'll tolerate the gooey and sweet, Peabody, but I'm not thinking about you having sex with McNab, especially in the same sentence as 'my parents.'""I think they had sex, too."Eve struggled not to wince or twitch. "Do you want me to kick you down four flights of steps and make you walk up again?""I'd probably bounce all the way down, too, with all this gooey and sweet in my butt. So I guess not.""Good choice.
Jesse Bering, Perv: The Sexual Deviant in All of Us|In adopting a patently false but stubbornly clung-to mythology of human sexuality that makes demons out of natural drives, we've entered a stage of moral sickness, not of moral health.
Marty Rubin|Love is the body's warmth; sex, its heat.
Stuart Hazleton, Sexscopes: How to Seduce, Stimulate, and Satisfy Any Sign|If you're only using your bed for sleep, then don't bother waking up.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Sex is the alpha and enlightenment is the omega. Sex is the first step of the spiritual journey, and enlightenment is the last step of the spiritual journey.
Tim Cahill, Lost in My Own Backyard: A Walk in Yellowstone National Park|Elk were mating now - The males were fighting, and they had to chase the females, which depleted the fat that both sexes had accumulated over the summer and thereby diminished their chances of surviving the winter. "It would be better for the elk," Dave said as we prepared dinner, "if the females just gave it up."All three women stared at him. A silence ensued. Dave said, "Or I could be wrong.
Kate Sherwood, Dark Horse|Well, I've seen porn!" Evan defends and Dan just looks at him. "Okay, captain Pornie, walk me through it," Dan challenges. "I'll be the pizza guy, and Jeff can be the plumber. You can be... hey, why don't you be the high-powered young executive?" Evan grins at him with a glint in his eye. "Okay, fine." He laces his fingers together and flexes them in front of him as if he's warming up. He sits back in chair and his eyes focus on the eaves of Jeff's roof then begins. "The young executive come home after a hard day...[five pages of detailed porn]"...and all fall asleep together on the executives huge bed. The End." Evan is pretty clearly proud of himself, and Dan really blame him. After an appreciative silence, Dan says, "Okay, yeah, so maybe there's some merit to the whole threesome thing.
K.A. Mitchell, Bad Attitude|He swallowed, and his voice was a bit rough, but he was "You know, I think moving is key to this whole fucking thing.""This does t feel good?" Gavin kissed under Jamie's ear while rubbing circles around his nipples with a hard palm. "What is this, Fucking For Slackers?
Swami Dhyan Giten|Sexuality is the door to love, and love is the door to silence, to the divine.
Kate Sherwood, Dark Horse|..., and sometimes there's just no point in arguing with him. "Yeah, okay 'me, Jeff, and Evan, sitting in a tree...'"Chris claps his hands triumphantly. "That's right, baby!" Than a more serious expression comes across his face. "But, in a tree? Really? I mean, im a not an expert on the gay sex thing, but I think the first time at least you should be on the ground..." And then the evening continues on as expected.
Kate Sherwood, Of Dark and Bright|Evan nuzzled his chin into the crook of Dan's neck, finding the spot that always made Dan squirm and laugh. "I love you, Danny.""You gets so fucking sappy after I let you top," Dan responded, but he didn't move away. "We should stick a spigot in you, drain it out, and boil up some maple syrup." "You stick your spigot in me, I wouldn't be the one topping anymore.""Nice. You freak." "You're the one who wanted to make maple syrup out of my sappiness," Evan protested...
Michael Bassey Johnson|Once you are defiled, you can't get back your purity by any means, instead, you will only look for ways to be defiled over and over again.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If any woman opens her legs for you, don't feel so lucky to be fed with nonsense, she has been a bitch for a long time, and now its your own turn to get a share from her itching tunnel.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|I am waltzing with death, flirting with him, but he stands there smiling and saying nothing because he does not need to woo or be wooed: he knows he gets us all in the end.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|Isn't that just typical. You're either asking for it, or having it forced upon you without your consent. Who decided women always have to be passive in sex?
John Varley, Titan|Cirocco liked space, reading, and sex, not necessarily in that order. She had never been able to satisfactorily combine all three, but two was not bad.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Anger is like sex urge, once gratified, the inner voice calls you a stinking fool.
Bill Konigsberg, Openly Straight|Having no room of my own to "take care of things" had begun to weigh on me. I wondered if storing up semen would have a health impact on me, positive or negative, like shinier hair or weight gain.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|You don't find the concept of illicit love at all engaging?”“The concept, maybe. But in literature? That's like ordering a glass of tap water at a bar.
Eduardo Galeano, Soccer in Sun and Shadow|Whoever believes physical size and tests of speed or strength have anything to do with a soccer player's prowess is sorely mistaken. Just as mistaken as those who believe that IQ tests have anything to do with talent or that there is a relationship between penis size and sexual pleasure. Good soccer players need not to be titans sculpted by Michelangelo. In soccer, ability is much more important than shape, and in many cases skill is the art of turning limitations into virtues.
Heidi Cullinan, Special Delivery|He wanted to be loved and cherished, yes. But he also wanted to be fucked.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|I can't believe it. He is sporting a bona fide erection in the middle of class. All because of me.In history you learn about entire kingdoms crumbling into chaos because of a woman—or, in some cases, multiple women. I smile at Professor Delacroix, putting an extra bit of swing into my hips as I sashay out the door. I'm beginning to see just how easy it is to bring a man to his knees with a few flashes of bare skin, and the whispered promise of hot, sweaty sex.
Kit Rocha, Beyond Control|There's more to sex, the really good kind, than orgasms.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|In order to butterfly kiss, does it require caterpillar lips?
Kensington Gore, Kensington Gore's Diary: Another Year Closer To Death|You know, sex at seventy-six is getting very dangerous for my health ... since I live at seventy-nine!
Inna Swinton, The Many Loves of Mila|He greeted me in his usual attire - pajama pants. "Hey stranger!" he said, hugging me for a few long seconds. "I've already set up the board. Can I get you some rose"I nodded, overwhelmingly relieved to be with another human being - even if he was really a wolf in grandma's clothing. Or was he just a wolf in wolf's clothing? After all, he wore pajamas... Hmmm. I contemplated all this as he poured me a glass of wine."Mind if I smoke?" he asked as he lit up a joint and motioned me over to the sleek brown couch. Italian, of course.Through the three windows that faced south, north, and west, I saw the Statue of Liberty, and Ellis Island, where I had paid to have my parents' names inscribed in the immigrant wall of honor. Some American Dream this was!
Jesse Bering, Perv: The Sexual Deviant in All of Us|The psychologist Charles Moser, for example, pointed out that those inclined to divide the "sane" from the "insane" in terms of frequency of sex and intensity of desires overlook the possibility that sex itself may be the most meaningful part of a person's life, "which appropriately can take precedence over other activities".
Jesse Bering, Perv: The Sexual Deviant in All of Us|Someone could be paraphilic in both his erotic target and his favorite sex act. I mean, really, any pellismophilic nebulophile (someone whose most passionate moments involve masturbating in the foggy mist while listening to a person stutter) can see that.
Candice Raquel Lee, The Innocent: A Myth|He stared at me in complete puzzlement, “And while I’m committing incest for you is there anything else you’d like? Maybe a side-order of bestiality?
Ally Blue, Love's Evolution|He kept one eye on Matt as he talked. He could tell Matt was close to orgasm by the way he title his head to the side and bit his lower lip. "And what about your partner, Mr. Tucker?" Troy asked. Chris raised his eyebrows in surprise and Mr. Waters gave him a greasy, unpleasant smile. "Does your partner cook?"Chris grinned as Matt came all over the red leather seat. "Actually, he makes a delicious white sauce.
Linda Harvey, Maybe He's Not Gay: Another View on Homosexuality|Sex and "sexual orientation" are being shoved at kids everywhere. It was not this way in past decades, and I believe this is another cause of more stress in kids.
Larissa Ione, Reaver|You'll let me put a total stranger's piss hose in my mouth while my knees scream in agony on the hard floor? Right here in from of everyone? Gosh, such a hard thing to pass up. But you know, I'd rather eat Ebola pudding than let your sad little dick near me." She wiggled her fingers as she slipped past him. "Toodles" Oh, he needed to tap that.
James M. Cain, The Postman Always Rings Twice|I ripped all her clothes off. She twisted and turned, slow, so they would slip out from under her. Then she closed her eyes and lay back on the pillow. Her hair was falling over her shoulders in snaky curls. Her eye was all black, and her breasts weren’t drawn up and pointing up at me, but soft, and spread out in two big pink splotches. She looked like the great grandmother of every whore in the world. The devil got his money’s worth that night.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|Frosh (2002) has suggested that therapeutic spaces provide children and adults with the rare opportunity to articulate experiences that are otherwise excluded from the dominant symbolic order. However, since the 1990s, post-modern and post-structural theory has often been deployed in ways that attempt to ‘manage’ from; afar the perturbing disclosures of abuse and trauma that arise in therapeutic spaces (Frosh 2002). Nowhere is this clearer than in relation to organised abuse, where the testimony of girls and women has been deconstructed as symptoms of cultural hysteria (Showalter 1997) and the colonisation of women’s minds by therapeutic discourse (Hacking 1995). However, behind words and discourse, ‘a real world and real lives do exist, howsoever we interpret, construct and recycle accounts of these by a variety of symbolic means’ (Stanley 1993: 214). Summit (1994: 5) once described organised abuse as a ‘subject of smoke and mirrors’, observing the ways in which it has persistently defied conceptualisation or explanation. Explanations for serious or sadistic child sex offending have typically rested on psychiatric concepts of ‘paedophilia’ or particular psychological categories that have limited utility for the study of the cultures of sexual abuse that emerge in the families or institutions in which organised abuse takes pace. For those clinicians and researchers who take organised abuse seriously, their reliance upon individualistic rather than sociological explanations for child sexual abuse has left them unable to explain the emergence of coordinated, and often sadistic, multi—perpetrator sexual abuse in a range of contexts around the world.
Debra Anastasia, Return to Poughkeepsie|Tell me I’m enough for you,” he demanded. “Can you be with me even though I’m so wrong?” She was satin and warmth. The way she squeezed, he was desperate to move, pound, inject her.She looked at him. “This is. You are. I can’t do this any more if it’s not with you. So please fuck me straight to hell.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|My hands tightened on her, and I again tried to memorize every part of this moment. There was such perfection in the way our bodies were wrapped together. It didn’t seem possible that outside the sanctity of this moonlit car was a world we had to hide from, a world that wanted to tear us apart. The thought of what surrounded us made what was between us seem that much more fragile.
Kenneth Eade, An Involuntary Spy|Their lips met with a tender and powerful force. At that point, they melted into each other and Seth felt a flush of sensations over his entire being. Hands wandered naturally, and each caress became more exciting and pleasurable. Where the body ended and the soul began was a mystery in this ancient game of combinations.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|This was going to be difficult, because he enjoyed women, but all the ones he has known seemed to be sent as secret assassins on a mission to destroy his pride and ability.
Bella Swann, The Claiming of Af, the Angel of Light|I am an Angel of the Light. You should not be touching my sweet, innocent flesh this way. I am a Vessel of Purity, undefiled by the pleasures of the flesh.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Something in me didnt believe that. I read it again, trying to make sense of the old-fashioned language. Mason watched me curiously, looking like he very much wanted to help."Maybe they were hooking up," he sugg
Jenifer Mohammed, Resurrecting Cybele|You know, my poor grandmother once told me that the way to a man’s heart was through his stomach. Life has taught me that it’s actually a few inches lower.
Bella Swann, The Claiming of Sophia, the Sheltered Angel of Wisdom|Sophia took in a deep breath as she prepared to screech up at him angrily like the deep-down angel-bitch she really was. However, as her beautiful violet eyes looked up furiously into the Shepherd’s mesmerizing green eyes, she caught her breath and her body went weak at his masterful handling of her rebellious angel body.
Bella Swann, The Claiming of Angelica, the Supernatural Sleuth: Her Erotic Adventures in the Dangerous Elysian Jungle|As Angelica opened up her eyes, she shuddered in fear at the massive animal that was holding her and fondling her body. I have been captured by a Bigfoot, she thought. The natives were right. There are Bigfoots in the jungles of Elysia. Her body stiffened as she tried to twist away and out of the imprisoning arms of the massive creature that was holding her capture.
Sean Thomas Dougherty, Sasha Sings the Laundry on the Line|When you were strung outand I kissed youI imagined your moutha mound of cocaine,inhaling your breathlike powder as I pushed into you and you pulledme with your bruised thighs.Some nights we fucked soslowly I dissolvedlike a Quaalude in a glassof vodka, and you drankme down. We kept the room dark,so we could not seeeach other with our eyesrolled back - or was itbecause we did not wantto see ourselves.It's taken me too long to thinkof that, the way we neverthought the other would go,and then one nightI woke upsoberand yes,still there.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|You wanted to see me, Professor?
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|This was going to be difficult, because he enjoyed women, but all the ones he has known seemed to have been sent as secret assassins on a mission to destroy his pride and ability.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|The data on organised abuse has been simplified or distorted in an attempt force it to conform to mechanical psychological models of dissociative obedience or else to the psychiatric framework of ‘paedophilia’. Psychopathology alone is an inadequate explanation for environments in which sexual abuse has a social and symbolic function for groups of adults. Abusive groups do not emerge in a vacuum but rather they are formed within pre-existing social arrangements such as families, churches and schools.
Bella Swann, The Claiming of Angelica, the Supernatural Sleuth: Her Erotic Adventures in the Haunted House on the Hill|Perhaps, he thought, his Master would only amuse himself with the little pain slut for a little while and then give her back to his faithful servant as an eternal plaything. The ghost chuckled at the thought of what he would do to that little slut if he had all of eternity as he faded away into the undulating mirror and left sweet Angelica to her fate.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|As mandatory reporting laws and community awareness drove an increase its child protection investigations throughout the 1980s, some children began to disclose premeditated, sadistic and organised abuse by their parents, relatives and other caregivers such as priests and teachers (Hechler 1988). Adults in psychotherapy described similar experiences. The dichotomies that had previously associated organised abuse with the dangerous, external ‘Other’ had been breached, and the incendiary debate that followed is an illustration of the depth of the collective desire to see them restored. Campbell (1988) noted the paradox that, whilst journalists and politicians often demand that the authorities respond more decisively in response to a ‘crisis’ of sexual abuse, the action that is taken is then subsequently construed as a ‘crisis’. There has been a particularly pronounced tendency of the public reception to allegations of organised abuse. The removal of children from their parents due to disclosures of organised abuse, the provision of mental health care to survivors of organised abuse, police investigations of allegations of organised abuse and the prosecution of alleged perpetrators of organised abuse have all generated their own controversies. These were disagreements that were cloaked in the vocabulary of science and objectivity but nonetheless were played out in sensationalised fashion on primetime television, glossy news magazines and populist books, drawing textual analysis. The role of therapy and social work in the construction of testimony of abuse and trauma. in particular, has come under sustained postmodern attack. Frosh (2002) has suggested that therapeutic spaces provide children and adults with the rare opportunity to articulate experiences that are otherwise excluded from the dominant symbolic order. However, since the 1990s, post-modern and post-structural theory has often been deployed in ways that attempt to ‘manage’ from; afar the perturbing disclosures of abuse and trauma that arise in therapeutic spaces (Frosh 2002). Nowhere is this clearer than in relation to organised abuse, where the testimony of girls and women has been deconstructed as symptoms of cultural hysteria (Showalter 1997) and the colonisation of women’s minds by therapeutic discourse (Hacking 1995). However, behind words and discourse, ‘a real world and real lives do exist, howsoever we interpret, construct and recycle accounts of these by a variety of symbolic means’ (Stanley 1993: 214). Summit (1994: 5) once described organised abuse as a ‘subject of smoke and mirrors’, observing the ways in which it has persistently defied conceptualisation or explanation.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|There are a range of useful and illuminating analyses of the media construction of organised abuse as it became front-page news in the 1980s and 1990s (Kitzinger 2004, Atmore 1997, Kelly 1998), but this book is focused on organised abuse as a criminal practice; as well as a discursive object of study, debate and disagreement. These two dimensions of this topic are inextricably linked because precisely where and how organised abuse is reported to take place is an important determinant of how it is understood. Prior to the 1980s, the predominant view of the police, psychiatrists and other authoritative professionals was that organised abuse occurred primarily outside the family where it was committed by extra-familial ‘paedophiles’. This conceptualisation; of organised abuse has received enduring community support to the present day, where concerns over children’s safety is often framed in terms of their vulnerability to manipulation by ‘paedophiles’ and ‘sex rings’. This view dovetails more generally with the medico-legal and media construction of the ‘paedophile as an external threat to the sanctity of the family and community (Cowburn and Dominelli 2001) but it is confounded by evidence that organised abuse and other forms of serious sexual abuse often originates in the home or in institutions, such as schools and churches, where adults have socially legitimate authority over children.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|Like the psychological model outlined above, the psychiatric understanding of ’organised paedophilia’ is a framework that is focused primarily on individual psychological factors and overlooks the role of violence in criminal groups and the contexts in which such groups emerge. The underlying assumption of literature on ‘organised paedophilia’ is that members of sexually abusive groups are motivated by a pathological sexual interest in children but this does not accord with evidence that suggests that abusive groups can simultaneously abuse children and women. It is increasingly recognised that sexual offenders may not specialise in one particular victim category, and a significant proportion of child sexual abusers have also offended against adults (Cann et al. 2007, Heil et al. 2003). Furthermore, many of the behaviours of abusive groups appear to be designed to elicit fear and pain from the victim rather than to generate sexual pleasure for the perpetrator per se., are not mutually exclusive, but there is a sadistic dimension to organised abuse that is not explicable as ‘paedophilic’. A survivor of organised abuse from Belgium, Regina Louf, made this point clearly when she said: I find the expression ‘paedophile network’ misleading. For me paedophiles are those men who go to playgrounds or swimming pools, priests…I certainly don't want to exonerate them, but I would rather have paedophiles than the types we were involved with. There were men who never touched the children. Whether you were five, ten, or fifteen didn’t matter. What mattered to them was sex, power, experience. To do things they would never have tried with their own wives. Among them were some real sadists. (Louf quoted in Bulte and de Conick 1998) A credible theoretical account of organised abuse must necessarily (a) account for the available empirical evidence of organised abuse, (b) address the complex patterns of abuse and violence evident in sexually abusive groups, and (c) explain the ways in which sexually abusive groups form in a range of contexts, including families and institutions.
Coleen Singer|No matter where you go, there you are!
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|All my life I wanted to go to bed with an American, and now I had, and I'm beginning to see why people don't do it more often.
Yann Martel, Self|You see, the penis, it's so graceless, wouldn't you agree? When it's cold and shrivelled up, it looks like W.H. Auden in his old age; when it's hot, it flops and dangles about in a ridiculous way; when it's excited, it looks so pained and earnest you'd think it was going to burst into tears. And the scrotum! To think that something so vital to the survival of the species, fully responsible for 50 per cent of the ingredients--though none of the work--should hang freely from the body in a tiny, defenceless bag of skin. One whack, one bite, one paw-scratch--and it's just the right level, too, for your average animal, a dog, a lion, a sabre-tooth tiger--and that's it, end of story. Don't you think it should get better protection? Behind some bone, for example, like us? What could be better than our nicely tapered entrance? It's discreet and stylish, everything is cleverly and compactly encased in the body, with nothing hanging out within easy reach of a closing subway door, there's a neat triangle of hair above it, like a road sign, should you lose your way--it's perfect. The penis is just such a lousy design. It's pre-Scandinavian. Pre-Bauhaus, even.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|Her room was warm and lightsome. A huge doll sat with her legs apart in the copious easy-chair beside the bed. He tried to bid his tongue speak that he might seem at ease, watching her as she undid her gown, noting the proud conscious movements of her perfumed head.As he stood silent in the middle of the room she came over to him and embraced him gaily and gravely. Her round arms held him firmly to her and he, seeing her face lifted to him in serious calm and feeling the warm calm rise and fall of her breast, all but burst into hysterical weeping. Tears of joy and relief shone in his delighted eyes and his lips parted though they would not speak.She passed her tinkling hand through his hair, calling him a little rascal.—Give me a kiss, she said.His lips would not bend to kiss her. He wanted to be held firmly in her arms, to be caressed slowly, slowly, slowly. In her arms he felt that he had suddenly become strong and fearless and sure of himself. But his lips would not bend to kiss her.With a sudden movement she bowed his head and joined her lips to his and he read the meaning of her movements in her frank uplifted eyes. It was too much for him. He closed his eyes, surrendering himself to her, body and mind, conscious of nothing in the world but the dark pressure of her softly parting lips. They pressed upon his brain as upon his lips as though they were the vehicle of a vague speech; and between them he felt an unknown and timid pressure, darker than the swoon of sin, softer than sound or odour.
John Waters|I always give books. And I always ask for books. I think you should reward people sexually for getting you books. Don’t send a thank-you note, repay them with sexual activity. If the book is rare or by your favorite author or one you didn't know about, reward them with the most perverted sex act you can think of. Otherwise, you can just make out.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer|If you 're serious about getting it on again, be sure to give me some advance notice, so I can grab my appointment calendar and block out three minutes.
Nalini Singh, Blaze of Memory|Dev?" This time, she got a grunt. Smiling, she pressed her lips to his jaw, loving the roughness under her lips. "I like sex."She saw the edge of a smile, and it made her own lips curve. "I really like it." Rubbing her heel over the back of his leg, she ran her hand down his muscled arm, wanting only to touch him. "When can we do it again?"He sounded like he was chocking as he said, "You're not acting like a Psy.""Maybe if they tried sex with you, the others would change their minds, too.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|You ought to go to a boy's school sometime. Try it sometime," I said. "It's full of phonies, and all you do is study so that you can learn enough to be smart enough to be able to buy a goddam Cadillac some day, and you have to keep making believe you give a damn if the football team loses, and all you do is talk about girls and liquor and sex all day, and everybody sticks together in these dirty little goddam cliques.
Gillibran Brown, Fun With Dick and Shane|When I was done raking and bagging, I banged on the door and demanded entry /...let me in by the hair on your chinny, chin-chin/ (a fairytale moment there) Dick opened it and in his posthest voice, said that before he could possibly consider letting me re-cross the threshold he needed to ask me whether I was a good f*cking fairy or a bad f*cking fairy? Grinning, I told him that I was very wicked fairy and if he had a wand about his person that I could have lend of, I would prove it. He said that was the right answer and promptly yanked me inside where he located and presented me with his wand, breathily ordering the sorcerer's apprentice to perform magic with it. Judging by the look on his face afterwards, I knew I'd impressed him with my oral sorcery and I was more than happy with the short-lifting sorcery Shane performed on me as the same time.
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|It galls me that seeking out the seedy, the sordid, the sexual, and the deviant is the expected (if not altogether acceptable) behavior of male writers; it would surely benefit me, as a writer, if I had the courage to seek out more of the seedy, the sordid, the sexual, and the deviant myself. But women who seek out such things are made to feel ashamed, or else they sound stridently ridiculous in defending themselves -- as if they're bragging. ... Yet there are subjects that remain off-limits for women writers. It's not unlike that dichotomy which exists regarding one's sexual past: it is permissible, even attractive, for a man to have had one, but if a woman has had a sexual past, she'd better keep quiet about it.
Claire Kent, Escorted|The truth is that, when it comes to sex, selfishness is pretty typical with guys.""Great. How infinitely comfor
Debra L. Kaplan|When sex and money are fused in the service of exploitation, the two create an even more destructive form of rage of a type often exhibited in narcissistic and potentially psychopathic populations.
Ella Fox, Picture Perfect|Never loved the taste of someone before baby, but with you, I would willingly drown in it.  I’m going to devour you Tessa, from the inside out, and you’re going to come so many times that you’ll forget there even was anyone before.  Focus on us babe.  You and me together is all that will ever matter.
Gillibran Brown, Fun With Dick and Shane|Has something happened to upset you today?”“Yeah, I had an argument with a vacuum cleaner hose, it wanted me to it a blowjob, but I refused so it took offence. It claimed I blew everyone else's attachment and it wasn't fair.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Sex doesn't satisfy for a lifetime, the more you have it, the more you want it. And the more you have it, the more you die out.
A. Violet End, The Billionaire Who Atoned to Me|Tristan looked at me with pleading eyes, as though he could forget for one moment how I was programmed to respond to him—how even now upon hearing his confession, I wanted nothing more than to suck his beautiful cock to fulfillment, to straddle him right here on the edge of this roof, to let him fuck every orifice he’d created on my body. I fought back the feelings of lust, wondering if I’d ever truly be myself again, if I’d ever be free of the programming.
Alice Munro, Lives of Girls and Women|It had a sort of a head on it, like a mushroom, and its color was reddish purple. It looked blunt and stupid, compared, say, to fingers and toes with their intelligent expressiveness, or even to an elbow or a knee.
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|Remove God from the world of ideas. Remove government, politics from society. Keep sex, humor, utilities. Let private property go.
Ella Fox, Picture Perfect|This beautiful body, sweetness?  It’s made for pleasure.  It’s singing to me, telling me what it wants and needs.  Those other idiots you were with weren’t fuckin listening.
Winston Brown, Nomad|A flat tire is like a bad attitude, you won't go anywhere until you change it.
John Barth, Chimera|The Genie declared that in his time and place there were scientists of the passions who maintained that language itself, on the one hand, originated in 'infantile pregenital erotic exuberance, polymorphously perverse,' and that conscious attention, on the other, was a 'libidinal hypercathexis' -- by which magic phrases they seemed to mean that writing and reading, or telling and listening, were literally ways of making love.
Shannon MacLeod, The Gypsy Ribbon: Suit of Wands|Lunch looks grand, Meg. You’ve really outdone yourself,” James commented, loading his plate. He frowned down at an escaping carrot extending precariously over the plate edge andeased it back with his fingertip, then grunted and promptly stuck the burnt digit in his mouth. “I’ve been trying to eat better, organic and all. Are these vegetables free range?” he asked with a straight face.The table fell silent as several sets of eyes blinked owlishly back at him. With an equally straight face Beth speared a roasted wedge and studied it. “I don’t think potatoes require muchgrazing room, genius,” she deadpanned.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|And then . . . we’re going to get in my car.”I waited for him to elaborate on a destination. “And?”He gently kissed the nape of my neck. “What do you think?”I couldn’t help a small gasp of delight. “Oh, wow.”“I know, right? I was racking my brain for the best present ever, and then I realized that nothing was going to rock your world more than you and me in your favorite place in the entire world.”I swallowed. “I’m kind of embarrassed at how excited I am about that.” Never had I guessed my love of cars would play a role in my sex life. Eddie was right. Something had happened to me.“It’s okay, Sage. We’ve all got our turn-ons.”“You kind of ruined the surprise, though.”“Nah. It’s part of the gift: you getting to think about it for the next three days.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Except, now that I don’t have a car, I can’t really make good on my birthday promise.” Sydney thought about it for several moments. “Well. I’ve got a car.”An hour later, I vowed I’d never make fun of that Mazda again.
Kristen Hope Mazzola, Crashing Back Down|If it was possible for two people to make sparks, simply by connecting at their lips, I would think we would have been a firework display in the dark.
Ella Frank, Try|Gone now was the tease. Gone was the lesson on the how's and why's. Now came the need…The need to finish, the need to come, and the need to be part of the other person.
J.D. Robb, Indulgence in Death|You're aunt's just--what is it--down the hall. You know damn well this place isn't soundproofed.""You'll just have to be quiet." He gave her ribs a deliberate tickle that made her jump and yelp. "Or not.""Didn't I bang you already today, twice this morning?""Darling Eve, you're a pathetic romantic.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|A troupe learns to play like we all learn to screw, stumbling and jostling until everything's finally in the right place.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|A salary is, to a man's employer, what his wife's vagina is to his wife: a tool used to (1) reward; and (2) control him.
Jacob M. Appel|I used to dream of true love; now I'm open to false, but convincing....
Sade Andria Zabala|I used to arch my back for boys who couldn’t even remember the color of my bedsheets.But you, however, made me turnover the arch on my mouth.
Robert   Reed|How many of us readers say this quote and mean it. "If I knew what I know now life would be different"....
Steve Jones, The Language of Genes|...although the reason for the existence of women is obvious enough, nobody has any real idea what point there is in being a man. Men have however, made many attempts to justify their existence.
Anthony Liccione|Sex swims in marriage, while sex sinks in sin of being single.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|Looking at what 'foreplay' is, 'sexual intercourse' is a game.
Steve Jones, The Language of Genes|The meaning of sex is illustrated by two eponymous heroes of British history, King Edward VII (who flourished in the years before the First World War) and the King Edward variety of potato which has fed the British working class for almost as long). The potato, unlike the royal family, reproduces asexually. Every King Edward potato is identical to every other and each on has the same set of genes as the hoary ancestor of all potatoes bearing that name. This is convenient for the farmer and the grocer, which is why sex is not encouraged among potatoes.
Mark Driscoll|To conquer your biology, stop seeing people sexually and start seeing them as family. In our day, we have really a perverted notion where it's like strangers and potential sexual objects.
Luella Christie, Nana Joop|Leonora is the grownups’ version of Cinderella. She doesn’t take crap from any ugly stepsisters. She doesn’t sit indoors waiting to be rescued by prince charming. Oh, no, she rescues prince charming, Florestan, who’s locked up in a dungeon by his archenemy, Pizarro. Cinderella was fun when we were little girls, played with dolls and believed in passive fairytales. Now that we’re grown women who play with toys, it’s only fit to believe in active fairytales.
Mark Driscoll|Singles, fornicating is an internship for adultery.
S.K. Logsdon, Forever Attraction|I push back against him, meeting his forceful pounds with my eager pu*sy. Riding the razors edge of climactic heaven.
Mark Driscoll|Part of the fruit of the Spirit is self-control. Once you get married, however, a good defense is frequency and freedom.
J.G. Farrell, The Singapore Grip|A great deal of thought must be given to your daughter's marriage. Otherwise, she will simply slink off like a cat on a dark night to be fertilized under a bush to God knows whom!
Anna Bayes, Snug Fit|I just want mind-boggling sex tonight, but I don’t think you can beat my vibrator.
Alessandra Torre, Sex Love Repeat|Sex should be about mutual enjoyment, connection, the borrowing from another’s fire at a moment when you want it most.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|The porn films are not about sex. Sex is airbrushed and digitally washed out of the films. There is no acting because none of the women are permitted to have what amounts to a personality. The one emotion they are allowed to display is an unquenchable desire to satisfy men, especially if that desire involves the women’s physical and emotional degradation. The lightning in the films is harsh and clinical. Pubic hair is shaved off to give the women the look of young girls or rubber dolls. Porn, which advertises itself as sex, is a bizarre, bleached pantomime of sex. The acts onscreen are beyond human endurance. The scenarios are absurd. The manicured and groomed bodies, the huge artificial breasts, the pouting oversized lips, the erections that never go down, and the sculpted bodies are unreal. Makeup and production mask blemishes. There are no beads of sweat, no wrinkle lines, no human imperfections. Sex is reduced to a narrow spectrum of sterilized dimensions. It does not include the dank smell of human bodies, the thump of a pulse, taste, breath—or tenderness. Those in films are puppets, packaged female commodities. They have no honest emotion, are devoid of authentic human beauty, and resemble plastic. Pornography does not promote sex, if one defines sex as a shared act between two partners. It promotes masturbation. It promotes the solitary auto-arousal that precludes intimacy and love. Pornography is about getting yourself off at someone else’s expense.
Roman Payne|The moment her hymen was plucked from her body in the wilderness, Her soul was taken from sanity.
J.R. Ward|I'm sorry," he muttered. "If I... uh, hurt your feelings or something." She glared at him. "I'm not hurt. I'm pissed off and sexually frustrated." His head snapped back on his spine. Well... then. Okaaaaay.
Mila Ferrera, Spiral|I missed talking to you, and playing with you, and touching you, and seeing you smile. I missed just … sitting next to you. I’ve never missed anyone or anything that much
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|There was old sex in the room and loneliness, and expectation, of something without a shape or name. I remember that yearning, and was never the same as the hands that were on us there and then, in the small of the back, or out back, in the parking lot, or in the television room with the sound turned down and only the pictures flickering over lifting flesh. We yearned for the future How did we learn it, that talent for insatiability?
Gail Dines, Pornland: How Porn Has Hijacked Our Sexuality|Porn is now so deeply embedded in our culture that it has become synonymous with sex to such a point that to criticize porn is to get slapped with the label anti-sex.…But what if you are a feminist who is pro-sex in the real sense of the word, pro that wonderful, fun, and deliciously creative force that bathes the body in delight and pleasure, and what you are actually against is porn sex? A kind of sex that is debased, dehumanized, formulaic, and generic, a kind of sex not based on individual fantasy, play, or imagination, but one that is the result of an industrial product created by those who get excited not by bodily contact but by market penetration and profits? Where, then, do you fit in the pro-sex, anti-sex dichotomy when pro-porn equals pro-sex?
Elizabeth Bard, Lunch in Paris: A Love Story, with Recipes|It's simple: Women who pick at their food hate sex. Women who suck the meat off of lobster claws, order (and finish) dessert- these are the women who are going to rip your clothes off and come back for seconds.
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|It had to unleash some invisible magic, he thought; Hades and Persephone, joining together again within these black and holy stone walls, for the first time in millennia. As they indulged in enjoying one another, how could they not be reactivating some power within the Earth itself? Surely they were at least bringing autumn storm clouds rolling and thundering over the Mediterranean.But probably every boy felt that way when finally in bed caressing the girl he loved.
Anthony Bourdain, The Nasty Bits: Collected Varietal Cuts, Usable Trim, Scraps, and Bones|Early moralists who believed that taking too much pleasure at the table led inexorably to bad character-or worse, to sex-were (in the best-case scenario, anyway) absolutely right.
Victoria Dahl, Talk Me Down|Ben hid a wince behind his hand, trying very hard not to think of seventy-year-old Ellie Verstgard rolling around with Mr. Wenner. Despite his best resistance, the image scrolled across his brain and took some of his love for the world with it.
Iris Blaire, Dark Frame|How do you know she had sex?” Dallas asks.“Every time a penis touches Britain, I receive a telepathic notification.”“Oh,” Dallas says with a straight face. “Well that explains a lot.
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|Niko popped a spare slice of bacon in his mouth, chewing it up contentedly. “I hate being a soul, being dead. You know what I hate most about it?”“No sex?” Sophie guessed.“That’s what I hate second most about it. No, what I hate most is—”“That you can’t lie,” Adrian cut in.Niko lifted his eyebrows at him, impressed. “You do know me. Exactly right.”“And no bacon,” Freya added.
Bojan Veljanov|A man's body is like a circus. You can swing off his trapeze arms, lay your head on thighs like fresh-blown balloons while his cock performs tricks, soft to hard, a burst like a cannon if you treat him right.
Camille Desmoulins|I wonder why I ever bothered with sex, he thought; there’s nothing in this breathing world so gratifying as an artfully placed semicolon.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|He met each newly exposed piece of flesh with a tender kiss, remembering how he’d dreamed of doing exactly this on the very first night he’d seen her.
Sarah Black, The General and the Elephant Clock of Al-Jazari|You're the only kick-ass general I know who needs three gay boys to dress him, John.""But I only need one gay boy to undress me.
Jim Tully, Circus Parade|A crowd of men stood in front of them. Of all ages, with expressions of sex-wonder in their eyes, gazing curiously as men who cannot solve a mystery that populates graveyards and through the ages has sent poets, popes, kings and fools to the junk heap.
Jayme K., Disorderly|Life is like a dry handjob. Just when it starts getting good, it’s already over.
Brandi L. Bates|thighs made of hymns, I read 'em like I'm reading runes. Now tell me where my future lies...your neck, can I Savion on it?
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I have a bad habit of dropping verbal pellets to get a reaction, like Ursula LeGuin’s “A novelist’s business is lying” (that particular one got a lot of attention on Facebook), or, “Why is it that Christians hate the word ‘sex’?
Krista Burton|If reconciling your feminist values with your sexual preferences is something you’re struggling with, don’t panic. But try to believe what I’m about to tell you, because it’s true: It’s healthy to want and seek pleasure. It’s generous and kind to want to make your sexual partner(s) feel good. You should do stuff with someone because you want to, not because they expect or feel entitled to it, and the same should be true for them. Whatever you do during sexytimes is between you and your partner—not you, your partner, and feminism, and not you, your partner, and the Gender Roles Police Force. Everything doesn’t always have to be equal—unless you want it to be. The only things that matter are that everyone’s having fun, and everyone’s feeling respected by and respectful of their partners the whole time you’re doing whatever it is that you get up to. Because in the end, that’s all that sex is: Two people who want to have sex, alone in a room. No judgy voices allowed.
Mark Haddon, A Spot of Bother|After an Indian meal they went back to Jamie's flat and Tony did at least two things to him on the sofa that no one had ever done to him before then came back and them again the following evening, and suddenly life became very good indeed.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|Maybe life involves the pairing of unsuitable people, those who wait and those who keep others waiting, and the key to happiness is finding the one person with whom you share the same internal chronometer.
J. Lynn, Wait for You|Good, because if the guy isn't making you walk funny after sex, then probably isn't anything to write home to mom about.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|All this talk about morality, chastity, prudence and the like are very antiquated notions created by some very old belief systems that are notoriously negative towards women.
Nenia Campbell, Locked and Loaded|You think I'm gorgeous?”“When I look at you, all I can think about are the the different ways I'd like to fuck you.”“So that's a yes then?” she said shyly.“No, darlin. It's an I-hope-you-weren't-planning-on-sleeping-alone-tonight.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|If you love sex, let it be known. You don’t have to walk around downtown naked or have some flyers printed up, but definitely don’t be shy about your love (or obsession) for sex.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|There are many ways to get to know someone, and my favorite is seeing them naked in Happy Baby pose.I also feel it is important to have sex soon after meeting someone in order to find out if you have sexual chemistry together. Otherwise, you could wait two to three months after you start dating someone only to discover that your new boyfriend is bad in bed, or even worse, is into anal beads and duct tape.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|In the course of my life I have had pre-pubescent ballerinas; emaciated duchesses, dolorous and forever tired, melomaniac and morphine-sodden; bankers' wives with eyes hollower than those of suburban streetwalkers; music-hall chorus girls who tip creosote into their Roederer when getting drunk...I have even had the awkward androgynes, the unsexed dishes of the day of the *tables d'hote* of Montmartre. Like any vulgar follower of fashion, like any member of the herd, I have made love to bony and improbably slender little girls, frightened and macabre, spiced with carbolic and peppered with chlorotic make-up.Like an imbecile, I have believed in the mouths of prey and sacrificial victims. Like a simpleton, I have believed in the large lewd eyes of a ragged heap of sickly little creatures: alcoholic and cynical shop girls and whores. The profundity of their eyes and the mystery of their mouths... the jewellers of some and the manicurists of others furnish them with *eaux de toilette*, with soaps and rouges. And Fanny the etheromaniac, rising every morning for a measured dose of cola and coca, does not put ether only on her handkerchief.It is all fakery and self-advertisement - *truquage and battage*, as their vile argot has it. Their phosphorescent rottenness, their emaciated fervour, their Lesbian blight, their shop-sign vices set up to arouse their clients, to excite the perversity of young and old men alike in the sickness of perverse tastes! All of it can sparkle and catch fire only at the hour when the gas is lit in the corridors of the music-halls and the crude nickel-plated decor of the bars. Beneath the cerise three-ply collars of the night-prowlers, as beneath the bulging silks of the cyclist, the whole seductive display of passionate pallor, of knowing depravity, of exhausted and sensual anaemia - all the charm of spicy flowers celebrated in the writings of Paul Bourget and Maurice Barres - is nothing but a role carefully learned and rehearsed a hundred times over. It is a chapter of the MANCHON DE FRANCINE read over and over again, swotted up and acted out by ingenious barnstormers, fully conscious of the squalid salacity of the male of the species, and knowledgeable in the means of starting up the broken-down engines of their customers.To think that I also have loved these maleficent and sick little beasts, these fake Primaveras, these discounted Jocondes, the whole hundred-franc stock-in-trade of Leonardos and Botticellis from the workshops of painters and the drinking-dens of aesthetes, these flowers mounted on a brass thread in Montparnasse and Levallois-Perret!And the odious and tiresome travesty - the corsetted torso slapped on top of heron's legs, painful to behold, the ugly features primed by boulevard boxes, the fake Dresden of Nina Grandiere retouched from a medicine bottle, complaining and spectral at the same time - of Mademoiselle Guilbert and her long black gloves!...Have I now had enough of the horror of this nightmare! How have I been able to tolerate it for so long?The fact is that I was then ignorant even of the nature of my sickness. It was latent in me, like a fire smouldering beneath the ashes. I have cherished it since... perhaps since early childhood, for it must always have been in me, although I did not know it!
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|Seeing your mother naked is not something you easily recover from. Seeing your mother naked and jumping from one side of a king-sized bed to the other with a nurse's hat on while your father, who is also naked, is chasing her with a bandanna around his neck, is reason to put yourself up for adoption.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|During sex, people are often way too focused on giving or taking to actually just celebrate this moment, be themselves completely, and rejoice in their own realities.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|Some guys assume that they made this one girl orgasm by doing this one thing and now they do it to every woman they get with. If it doesn’t work on you, then something about you must be broken.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|After discovering him in his threesome, I spent the next two weeks in bed suffering from a severe case of vagina elbow. It's a condition not unlike tennis elbow, but you get it from masturbating.
Arzum Uzun|Sex is a thing, love is everything.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|I can't," I said. "I threw my back out masturbating.
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|He kisses me hard, tells me between frenzied kisses, `You feel so good, beautiful, beautiful, sweet girl. Feel how much I want you.' He circles his hips against mine. `I want you like this all the fucking time.
Vee Hoffman|Sobriety had happened at a strange time in my sex life, and maybe I wouldn’t have held onto it had it not been for both of the men involved in the transition. But sobriety made me realize, in lonely moments and long introspective jags, that while sex wasn’t the only thing that I was good at, it was still something I enjoyed. The difference was choosing the people I invited to the playground, so to speak. If Eren had been any less fired up than he was, pushing firmly and slowly into me, watching my face for silent cues while I pushed my head back into the bed, stretching my neck and growling, reacquainting myself with the feeling of being filled, it wouldn’t have been right.But it was right. I’d chosen well. I almost laughed when he was completely inside of me and I got swept up in the truth of the matter, the reasonably overwhelming knowledge that yeah, this was something I might not fuck up. And god, I loved sex. God, I loved not having to feel like I was hiding inside of its fortress.
Debra Strattford, Worthless|I always wondered why I didn't try to seduce you, since you're so good-looking, more appealing than any woman.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|Leave it to a dude to roll in with your technique, but use a jackhammer instead of jeweler’s screwdrivers.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|Remember, changing someone’s hang-ups is an easier task if stays in the realm of sex because the carrot at the end of this trip is—SEX! It’s not so easy to change other aspects of a man’s personality because the rewards aren’t as apparent and you can’t exactly screw the stupid out of someone.
Sidney Knight, Alex|Writhing bodies fused as one on the dance floor, limbs tingling, lungs drunk on the lust-filled air.
Charles Bukowski, Factotum|You bitch," I whispered, "I love you." Then I came.
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|John [the father] kept saying, "You have a penis. That means you’re a boy." One day, Shannon noticed that her son had been in the bathroom an awfully long time and pushed the door open. "He had a pair of my best, sharpest sewing scissors poised, ready to cut. Penis in the scissors. I said, 'What are you doing?' He said, 'This doesn’t belong here. So I’m going to cut it off.' I said, 'You can’t do that.' He said, 'Why not?' I said, 'Because if you ever want to have girl parts, they need that to make them.' I pulled that one right out of my ass. He handed me the scissors and said, 'Okay.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|You’ve heard the saying, "Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime." Well, just change that to "F**k a man and you’ve made him happy for a day. Teach a man to f**k and you’ve made him happy for a lifetime.
Nenia Campbell, Locked and Loaded|I can take care of myself,” I said hotly.“Darlin, you don't even know how to pleasure yourself.
Hugh Prather, Notes to Myself: My Struggle to Become a Person|You say you just want to be my friend. I know that you mean you want to relate to my mind but not my body. I can understand that and will not ask you to relate to me in a way that you don't want to, or talk to me about subjects you find uncomfortable. But likewise I refuse to castrate myself for you by pretending not to have the feelings I have. If you want me as your friend you will have to accept my penis along with me.
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|I met people on college campuses who were defining themselves as genderqueer to express revolutionary feelings, or to communicate their individuality; they were gender fluid without being gender dysphoric. This phenomenon may be culturally significant, but it has only a little bit in common with the people who feel they can have no authentic self in their birth gender.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|She was falling apart beneath my hands, and I was falling apart beneath her. My power was her power, and together, we sent each other soaring.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|The reality of sex is that every lover you take has a very distinct way of loving you up. They might be able to dabble into other realms of sexuality, but only as a tourist.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|So you’re dating Mr. Freaky Vanderperv, at least you’re not dating a guy with no skills and no interest in you sexually! Treat his kinks with respect and he will be an honest man with you always.
ZIZEK|Pure sex is masturbation with a real partner who functions as a prop for our indulging in fantasies, while it is only through love that we can reach the … Other.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|How satisfying will it be to know that no matter what happens to your relationship and no matter where or with whom he ends up in his life that you taught him everything he knows...? Catty? Maybe, but that’s a fun thought.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|The kiss wasn’t just any kiss. No, it was a tricky little bastard, because it started out soft and gentle, but shifted gears in a matter of seconds. The moment her response went from surprise to surrender, the kiss turned hard and hungry, launching us into a frenzy of movement. Her arms were around my neck, my hands were moving all over her body, and somehow, in a span of about five seconds, she climbed up me like a tree, her legs wrapped tightly around my waist.We spun and bumped into the counter. I reached behind my back with one hand to tighten the cross of her ankles. And then I had her sitting on the edge of the stovetop, my hands exploring the tops of her thighs. I pushed the ruffled skirt hem up and clasped on to her bare, silky skin. Her tongue dove to the back of my throat, sliding over mine like wet, slick velvet.Holy mother fuck, I couldn’t breathe. I was drowning in this girl.
E.B. White, Is Sex Necessary? or Why You Feel the Way You Do|Just the minute another person is drawn into some one's life, there begin to arise undreamed-of complexities, and from such a simple beginning as sexual desire we find built up such alarming yet familiar phenomena as fetes, divertissements, telephone conversations, arrangements, plans, sacrifices, train arrivals, meetings, appointments, tardiness, delays, marriages, dinners, small pets and animals, calumny, children, music lessons, yellow shades for the windows, evasions, lethargy, cigarettes, candies, repetition of stories and anecdotes, infidelity, ineptitude, incompatibility, bronchial trouble, and many others, all of which are entirely foreign to the original urge and way off the subject.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|A cascade of thousands of pomegranate pits fructify her from above and female hands maculate the goddess's body in the musical mists of mind-blowing nightly sex. But they won't fuck her, they will kill her.
Jacob M. Appel|If you give a man a hammer, he thinks he can solve all problems by pounding. Well, God gave men penises....
Rachael Wade, Declaration|My heart and my cock seemed to like the idea, and Whitney made me a slave to both, so my wits were outnumbered.
Delaine Moore, The Secret Sex Life of a Single Mom|You self-proclaimed "MILF" hunters have it all wrong -- we aren't the prey, YOU are. You are but a Service Male - a SMILF!
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|This is what Kay needs right now, soft touching and caring. When we're together, I want to love her just like this.
Jacob M. Appel|The boss is never your friend, even if you're sleeping with him.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|Starshine’s greatest challenge is deciding whether a woman is too young to soothe or too old to shame. Handling the men is much easier. They may feign interest in figures and photos, but their underlying interest is for breasts and thighs. A generous smile often adds an extra zero to a check; an additional inch of exposed cleavage can clothe five Laotian children. The vast majority of these men do not expect to purchase Starshine’s favors. They are husbands, fathers, pillars of the community, the sort of upstanding middle-aged patriarchs who would rather castrate their libidos than compromise their reputations, and even if their three-digit donations could earn them a quickie with the canvasser, they would deny themselves the pleasure.
Jennifer Salaiz|It's just not as hot without biting, scratching, and spanking, involved.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|There's a story here.A catastrophic silence where our thoughts and feelings collide ...Where your sweetness overrides my senses and our bodies move to the same tune.The same song.The same melody.The same stroke.The same rhythm.It's our story, Trinity, and it's just begging to be told.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Huge biceps are an unattractive-uneducated-underpaid man's last attempt to be seen as worthy of dating, or, sleeping with.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|Battery Park resonates with lust as the sun approaches its zenith. A primal impulse takes hold of the young couples strolling the gravel walkways, the newlyweds who have paused to admire DeModica’s bronze bull, the truant teens laid out on the cool grass. Maybe because all flesh tantalizes in the early summer, in the right light, or because, at this time of year, there is more flesh exposed, midriffs, cleavage, inner thighs, the park is suddenly transformed into a dynamo of panting and groping. This desire is not the tender affection of evening, the wistful intimacy of the twilight’s last gleam. It is raw, concupiscent hunger.
Alessandra Torre, The Diary of Brad De Luca|On the bed - now,” he ordered, yanking the band of his shorts and dropping them on the floor. “I need to fuck right now more than I need to breath.
E.E. Cummings, Complete Poems, 1913-1962|a pretty girl, who naked isis worth a million statues
Cassandra Giovanni, Flawed Perfection|Go take a shower, you smell like good sex and unnecessary regret.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|Identify yourself,” Colleen demanded. “I’ve got a bat and I will beat the living shit out of you if you so much as blink. I’ve got a black belt,” she lied frantically, “and…and…a gun. A big one.” - Colleen O’Brien
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|Food shouldn’t be that shade of green, lass.” – Faolán MacIntyre
Nenia Campbell, Through a Glass, Darkly|Solus walked over to the young brown-haired man and grabbed him by the front of his shirt, ignoring the look of panic he received in return. "You can call me Solus." His golden eyes trailed meaningfully down the mortal's body before he added, softly, "I've been told it's easier to scream.
John Wilmot, Sodom, or the Quintessence of Debauchery|BOLLOXIMIAN:My pleasures for new cunts I will uphold,And have reserves of kindness for the old.I grant in absence dildo may be usedWith milk of goats, when once our seed’s infused.My prick no more to bald cunt shall resort—Merkins rub off, and often spoil the sport.POCKENELLO:Let merkin, sir, be banished from the court.PENE:'Tis like a dead hedge when the land is poor.
Tom Zoellner, The Heartless Stone: A Journey Through the World of Diamonds, Deceit, and Desire|...Her boyfriend gives her a Mercedes, [her friends] say, 'Oh, that's nice.' But her boyfriend gives her a diamond, they say, 'Oh, he's serious.' It's not just the gift of love-it's the gift of commitment. She's not jumping up and down because she got a diamond ring but because she got a guy! There are those who say you don't need diamonds. I say they're right. Just like you don't need sex.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|*Forever* is an illusion that human beings promise each other when they are horny, or, trying to appear holy.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Compared with lesbians, gays seem to be more unapologetic about their sexual orientation. The former must not have balls.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|His deep voice drifted to her through the crowd of women. “…my lady when she returns. Och, there ye are, Blossom,” Faolán grinned, standing up and taking her hand so she could ease back into the restaurant booth. “These lasses were just asking if I was a stripper. I told them I doona think so,” he said, his face clouded with uncertainty. “I’m not, am I?”The inquisitive lasses in question flushed scarlet and scattered to the four corners of the room at the murderous look on Colleen’s face. “No, you’re not, but I guess I can see how they’d think that,” she muttered darkly. “What you are is a freaking estrogen magnet.
Fiona Skye, Faerie Tales|Yep, I was so mature, I decided I would just have to reward myself by doing the naked lambada with a Federal Agent.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Whilst lovers: to control her man, a woman uses (the man’s access to) her vagina. When ex-lovers: she uses (the man's access to) their kids.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|Och, lass. Yer going to have to not do that.” Faolán exhaled. “Creeping up on a man is a dangerous thing, and I confess I’m jumpier than most. Yer feet are soft as a cat’s.”“I wasn’t creeping anywhere, I was going to make coffee and this is my house, I’ll creep anywhere I like,” Colleen muttered with a petulant scowl. “But I wasn’t creeping.
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|You turn the lights on and off here and if you can’t sleep and want something to read there are books in the living room…” her voice broke off. “Wait. Can you read?”His chin took a slight tilt upward. “Aye,” Faolán replied, his voice cool, “in English, Gaelic, Latin, or French. My Welsh is a bit rusty, and I doona remember any of the Greek I was taught except for words not fit for a lady’s ears. I can also count all the way up to…” He looked down and wiggled his large bare toes, “…twenty.” – Faolán MacIntyre
Shannon MacLeod, Rogue on the Rollaway|Refusing to lean back against him, Colleen sat ramrod straight until they reached the road. “I guess I should say thank you for saving my life,” she muttered then turned and slapped Faolán hard across the face. “And that’s for you having to save it in the first place. And I’m not your woman, you big, arrogant, lying, betraying…faery loving…” She searched for the perfect insult and couldn’t find one, “…Scot.” She gave a very unladylike snort. “Happy now? That fiery enough for you?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It is rude to tweet while having sex. However, it is not rude to have sex while tweeting.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|Elle Remembered Yorkshire road and the flat he shared with Caitlin and their daughter, and she almost stopped and turned back, and then she hardened herself against it. It's his problem if he wants to sleep with someone and he shouldn't, she told herself. It's a one night thing. I'm in the clear. It's sex, nothing else.
Tracey Emin, Strangeland|Have you ever longed for someone so much, so deeply that you thought you would die? That your heart would just stop beating? I am longing now, but for whom I don't know. My whole body craves to be held. I am desperate to love and be loved. I want my mind to float into another's. I want to be set free from despair by the love I feel for another. I want to be physically part of someone else. I want to be joined. I want to be open and free to explore every part of them, as though I were exploring myself.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To see a man’s true colours, tell him that you don’t plan on having sex with him. To see a woman’s true colours, tell her that you don’t plan on marrying her.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When we see a good-looking woman with a not-so-good-looking man, we assume that the man must have a good bank balance. When we see a good-looking man with a not-so-good-looking woman, we assume that she must be good in bed.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|I believe in Aphrodite, I believe in insane thinkers, I believe in roaring free-spirits, I believe in full-throated poetry, I believe in feverish sex and moony love with all its facets.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A hundred years ago, an average teenager knew countless authors, and, a sex position or two. Today, an average teenager knows countless sex positions, and, an author or two.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|For the duration of his erection: To a horny man, all women are the most beautiful woman in the world.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To a man who was required to marry before he was allowed to have sex with his lover, marriage is a ‘righteous’ form of prostitution.
Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies|I hear her slip into bed with him, and I hear everything that happens after that. Sex is such a strange and sloppy business, why bother to recount every slurp and moan that ensued? Tom and Honey deserve their privacy, and for that reason I will end my report of the night's activities here. If some readers object, I ask them to close their eyes and use their imaginations.
Jarvis Cocker|I love your body 'cause I've lost my mind If you want someone to talk to, you're wasting your time If you want someone to share your life, you need someone who's alive And if every relationship is a two-way street, I have been screwing in the back whilst you driveI never said I was deep, but I am profoundly shallow My lack of knowledge is vast, and my horizons are narrow I never said I was big, I never said that I was clever And if you're waiting to find what's going on in my mind, you could be waiting forever Forever and everI can dance you to the end of the night 'cause I'm afraid of the dark I have to confess: I'm out of my depth You're going over my head and straight through my heartSome girls like to play it dirty, some girls want to be your mum Me, I disrespected you whilst we were waiting for the taxi to come My morality is shabby, my behaviour unacceptable No, I'm not looking for a relationship, just a willing receptacleI never said I was... I never said I was... I never said I was...I never said I was deep, but I am profoundly shallow My lack of knowledge is vast, and my horizons are narrow Oh, yeah. I never said I was big, I never said that I was clever And if you're waiting to find what's going on in my mind, you could be waiting forever Forever and ever
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|I couldn't understand how boldness and sorrow, how you're so hard and do you really care for me? could be so thoroughly bound together. Nor could I begin to fathom how someone so seemingly vulnerable, hesitant, and eager to confide so many uncertainties about herself could, with one and the same gesture, reach into my pants with unabashed recklessness and hold on to my cock and squeeze it.
Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride|Condoms seemed to her inherently wicked. But they were also inherently funny. They were like rubber gloves with only one finger, and every time she saw one she had to be severe with herself or she’d get the giggles, a terrifying thought because the man might think you were laughing at him, at his dick, at its size, and that would be fatal.
Angela Carter, Love|They had imagined too often and too much and so they had exhausted all their possibilities. When they embraced each other’s phantoms, each in his separate privacy has savoured the most refined of pleasures but, connoisseurs of unreality as they were, they could not bear the crude weight, the rank smell and the ripe taste of real flesh. It is always a dangerous experiment to act out a fantasy; they had undertaken the experiment rashly and had failed…
E.B. White, Is Sex Necessary? or Why You Feel the Way You Do|I have seldom met an individual of literary tastes or propensities in whom the writing of love was not directly attributable to the love of writing.A person of this sort falls terribly in love, but in the end it turns out that he is more bemused by a sheet of white paper than a sheet of white bed linen. He would rather leap into print with his lady than leap into bed with her. (This first pleases the lady and then annoys her. She wants him to do both, and with virtually the same impulse.)
Dan Ahearn, Shoot the Moon|My phone started to vibrate and I flipped it open. Yes, I'm the only person that doesn't have an iPhone.The phone talked to me. "Jackson, how’s it going?""Hi, Echo. Veeva Stackpoole’s here."Silence. "What does she want?""Well, at first she wanted me to run away with her and get a lot of plastic surgery - ""Oooo, can I come too?" she said. I love Echo so much."Hey, Veeva, Echo wants to come. Is that okay?"Veeva sneered and said, "Asshole...""Echo it doesn’t look like we’re going to go now. Veeva doesn’t want to.
Lizzie Ashworth, Hers to Choose|Miss McClure...” he had been talking while her mind drifted off. She brought her gaze back to his face, trying to focus on the flinty stare and thin line of his lips. “Sorry, I was distracted. And can’t you call me Bryn?”“I’ll try, but generally I prefer a more formal approach in business dealings. It keeps the relationship clear.”“Like, you in charge, the other person in submission?” The words popped out before she edited herself. Her eyes grew large as she watched his face go through a change of expression. A slight smile hovered at the corner of his mouth.“Yes, something like that. Might I get a refill?” He held up his empty glass.
Fisher Amelie, Greed|Ask yourself something. Have you ever thought about why guys want you gone the next day? It’s not because they’ve got things to do, though I’m sure there are a few assholes who think like that, either because they repeated the folly so often they learned to bury the guilt or because they didn’t have a conscience to begin with but, truthfully, it’s because they can’t stand to look at the reason they feel a hole in their chest. They don’t like reminders of who helped put that sick feeling in the pits of their stomachs. As long as they had a decent mama, the guilt is always substantial. Always. If they say differently, they’re liars." - Spencer Blackwell, GREED
Alice Munro, The Moons of Jupiter|Her attitude towards sex is very comforting to those of her friends who get into terrible states of passion and jealousy, and feel cut loose from their moorings. She seems to regard sex as a wholesome, slightly silly indulgence, like dancing and nice dinners--something that shouldn't interfere with people's being kind and cheerful to each other.
Ian Fleming, From Russia With Love|For her, sex was nothing more than an itch. And this phsychological and physiological neutrality of hers at once relieved her of so many human emotions and sentiments and desires. Sexual neutrality was the essence of coldness in an individual. It was a great and wonderful thing to be born with.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|(...) before they actually admit to the big 'L' word. Love or lust - what's the big, damn deal? You're going to  fuck either way, right?
Karen Marie Moning, Faefever|He calls me his Queen of the Night. He shows me the wonders in this incredible city. He encourages me to find my own way, and to choose what I think is right or wrong.And the sex, God, the sex! I never knew what sex was until him! It’s not soft music and candlelight, a choice, a deliberate action.It’s as involuntary as breathing, and as impossible not to do. It’s slammed up against a wall in a dark alley, or flat on my back on cold concrete because I can’t stand one more second without him. It’s on my hands and knees, dry-mouthed, heart-in-my-throat, waiting for the moment he touches me, and I’m alive again. It’s punishing and purifying, velvet and violent, and it makes everything else melt away, until nothing matters but getting him inside me and I wouldn’t just die for him—I’d kill for him, too.Like I did tonight.
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|Some people's glasses are half full. I'm the one drinking them. Some people have forgotten that Pluto is still a planet. I still remember my childhood. Some people are vegans. I have common sense.Some people call me Maurice. Some people call me the Gangsta of Love. Some people just want to live...but me, I'm the one still alive.
Jessica Hawkins, Come Undone|I'd been with boys before; I'd been with boys I'd thought were men. But this was different. David kissed like a man. He tasted, he smelled and he fucked like a man.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|Perversion is just another form of art. It's like painting or drawing or sculpting. Except instead of paint, us perverts use sex as our medium. 
Justine Dell, All-American Girl|…she was afraid of how he made her feel, because he made her feel way too much
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Fable for Another Time|One little second of pleasure, a whole life of pain...my mother knew nothing of the pleasures of a good roll in the hay...she missed out on all that...like me, her son...a lifetime of sacrifice!...the woman who can grunt and rave in the throes of a deep fuck can die happy...
Sarra Manning, Adorkable|He didn't say anything and I thought I'd shocked him, because I tend to do that. Not just with Michael but with pretty much anyone who can't deal with being honest and admitting that you have wants and needs and desires and all those other fun things.
Justine Dell|Her heart unfolded in her chest, took in all of him, and closed tightly, unwilling to let him go
Fulton J. Sheen, Three to Get Married|Each instinct and passion of man is amoral; it is only the abuse of these passions that makes them wrong. There is nothing wrong about hunger, but there is something wrong about gluttony; there is no sin in thirst, but there is a sin in drunkenness; there is nothing wrong with a man who seeks economic security, but there is something wrong with a man who is avaricious; there is nothing to be despised in knowledge, but there is something to be condemned in pride; there is nothing wrong with the flesh, but there is something wrong in the abuse of the flesh. Just as dirt is matter in the wrong place, so sin is flesh in the wrong place. Sex has its place in that area of life designed for its fruition, but the misuse of it outside of that natural and supernatural bond is wrong.
Justine Dell, All-American Girl|Hey, you’re the one who can’t stand me being so close to you.
Justine Dell, All-American Girl|She loved this man. This wonderful, respectiful, willful man. And she couldn’t even tell him.
Jennifer Crusie, Manhunting|You know, I'm not even sure how we ended up living together.""I am," Jake said, turning back to the lake. "Sex. It's a powerful force, my boy, and women use it.""Is that why you gave them up?" Will asked, sympathetically. "Did paranoia drive you to celibacy?
Electa Rome Parks, Almost Doesn't Count|Treat me with respect, dignity, and grace because I am worthy of your love.
Meredith Schorr, A State of Jane|There was a part of me that was so horny, I wanted to climb on top of Randall on the first date. But there was also a part of me that was so terrified, I wanted to go home, put on my feety pajamas and hibernate for the winter.
Eloisa James, A Duke of Her Own|Oh, I have felt lust. And I've indulged lust. But no other woman has turned me into another person.
Kaden Brown, Lilith|I wiped my jaw with a forearm, half imagining that I could still feel the product of the quickie out back of the bar.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Many are the women who can take their clothes off seductively, but women who can charm as they dress?
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|We fell into each other’s arms and kissed like we were coming up for air after being underwater for days. The melding of our mouths was sweeter than oxygen. We took huge, deep gulps of each other as we struggled with worldly constraints like clothing and gravity, seeking to transcend it all in our coming together.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|He held me tight against him until I quit struggling, and then he flicked the strap of my dress, causing it to hang off my shoulder.''Since the word virgin came out of those beautiful lips of yours... I have a sudden urge to help you out of that dress.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Hatred is about possession. It is all-consuming, cruel, and vainglorious. When love is allowed to fester, it becomes twisted and corrupt; it settles deep in the heart...and metastasizes, sending its dark roots through the body to raze all that stands in its way. Love is chaste and pure. Love is banal....No, hatred has infinitely more possibilities.
Belle Aurora, Love Thy Neighbour|Max replies, "Why the fuck n- Oh man, are you gettin' lucky?"I quickly do up Asher's jeans and stand. Max bursts into laughter when he sees my head ascend and chuckles, "Shit, guys. Warn a brother. Did you at least finish?"Ash smiles big fluffling my hair, I tell Max, "I never start something I don't plan to finish."Ash wraps his arm around me and Max shakes his head. He says, "Well if you two don't mind, I think I'm gonna make this a blowjob free zone from now on.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|And in fact the artist's experience lies so unbelievably close to the sexual, to its pain and its pleasure, that the two phenomena are really just different forms of one and the same longing and bliss. And if instead of "heat" one could say "sex";- sex in the great, pure sense of the word, free of any sin attached to it by the Church, - then his art would be very great and infinitely important. His poetic power is great and as strong as a primal instinct; it has its own relentless rhythms in itself and explodes from him like a volcano.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|Every nutritious sexual recipe calls for at least a pinch of love, and the fucks that rate four-star rankings from both gourmets and health-food nuts used cupfuls. Not that sex should be regarded as therapeutic or to be taken for medicinal purposes - only a dullard would hang such a millstone around the nibbled neck of a lay - but to approach sex carelessly, shallowly, with detachment and without warmth is to dine night after night in erotic greasy spoons. In time, one's palate will become insensitive, one will suffer (without knowing it) emotional malnutrition, the skin of the soul will fester with scurvy, the teeth of the heart will decay. Neither duration nor proclamation of commitment is necessarily the measure - there are ephemeral explosions of passion between strangers that make more erotic sense than many lengthy marriages, there are one-night stands in Jersey City more glorious than six-months affairs in Paris - but finally there is a commitment, however brief; a purity, however threatened; a vulnerability, however concealed; a generosity of spirit, however marbled with need; an honest caring, however singed by lust, that must be present if couplings are to be salubrious and not slow poison.
Norman Mailer, Deaths For The Ladies|I won't stay inwith married menany moresaid the wise girlthey're too agreeable,it's a little too muchlike curlingupwith the good book.You meanagood bookOh, dear,did I saythegood booksighed the witch.
Stephan Labossiere, How to Get a Woman to Have Sex With You If You’re Her Husband|You may know where to touch her, but that doesn't mean you know how to touch her. Take time to learn what she truly desires.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Then, for no reason I could tell you, I tossed the spool again, even though Elaine had asked me not to. Maybe only because, in a way, him chasing a spool was like old people having their slow and careful version of sex - you might not want to watch it , you who are young and convinced that, when it comes to old age, an exception will be made in your case, but they still want to do it.
Amber Belldene, Blood Entangled|Every night that he watched over her sleeping form, his urge to protect and take care of her grew. And those weren't the only urges. When she'd throw back the blanket and bare her long legs, it was all he could do not to kneel at her feet, kiss her slim ankles, and slip his hands up her smooth thighs.
Olivia Cunning, Tie Me|Well, that explains why we jumped into bed with each other so quickly. We were both hornier than a bucket of desert toads.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Sex was this primal connection like no magick she had ever known, even separated by a millimeter of latex. She knew that some combined the two and, while she could see how this would improve the magick, it would dilute the sex.
Julio Alexi Genao, When You Were Pixels|You let me set the water in the shower, and followed me into the booth to stand there with me under the warm spray. You kept your head down, not looking me in the eyes—though if you were shy, I couldn’t tell. You had no reason to be. You know what you look like.I know you don’t remember what we did.I want to tell you.
John Fowles, The Magus|In our age it is not sex that raises its ugly head, but love.
Sarah MacLean, A Rogue by Any Other Name|It should all feel splendid. You tell me if it doesn't, and I shall rectify the situation.
Nick Hornby, How to Be Good|The difference between sex with David and sex with Stephen is like the difference between science and art. With Stephen it's all empathy and imagination and exploration and the shock of the new, and the outcome is... uncertain, if you know what I mean. I'm engaged by it, but I', mot necessarily sure what its all about. David, on the other hand, presses this button, then that one, and bingo! It's like operating a lift - just as romantic, but actually just as useful.
Maryse Holder, Give Sorrow Words: Maryse Holder's Letters From Mexico|All I want is some man to take delight in me. 5:30? 6:30 A.M. as usual, no cigs. Better a maudlin drunk than a sterile one. My pimples are more like small boils; I have the plague. My lip is split. My tits are swollen and I can't ever sleep. I now breathe with my heart, which skips rope. Back to sex?
Patrick Califia-Rice, Some Women|Prostitution, perversion, and pornography are intertwined with independence and radical politics in the history of outstanding women. Radclyffe Hall, Colette, Anaïs Nin, Kate Millett, Erica Jong--all of these women used the money they made from writing about sexuality to make it possible for them to live as rebels, dykes, feminists, artists, or whatever deviant and defiant identities they assumed.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|I was pure, before you defiled me, and don't you forget it. As though the concept of purity is anything more than the construct of selfish, competitive men stampeding toward the women to call dibs. I'll be damned if I'm not worth stampeding toward, but the prize had better be me, hymen or no hymen.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Apollyon|I don’t know how we made it to the bed or if the water was ever turned off in the shower. But we were together, our bodies slippery, our wet hair soaking the sheets we were tangled in. And then we were tangled, our legs and arms. His hands were everywhere, paying reverence to the many scars on my body. His lips followed, and I grew reacquainted with the hard muscles of his stomach, the feel of him.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls|I'll drink your champagne. I'll drink every drop of it, I don't care if it kills me.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Did you think I'd only want you once? Oh, my, you are more naïve than I thought. Why would I go through so much trouble for a mere tryst? Does a man ride a stallion but one time before condemning it to the abattoir?
Anaïs Nin, Little Birds|With her eyes alone she could give this response, this absolutely erotic response, as if febrile waves were trembling there, pools of madness... something devouring that could lick a man all over like a flame, annihilate him, with a pleasure never known before.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|When human beings give their heartfelt allegiance to and worship that which is not God, they progressively cease to reflect the image of God. One of the primary laws of human life is that you become like what you worship; what’s more, you reflect what you worship not only to the object itself but also outward to the world around. Those who worship money increasingly define themselves in terms of it and increasingly treat other people as creditors, debtors, partners, or customers rather than as human beings. Those who worship sex define themselves in terms of it (their preferences, their practices, their past histories) and increasingly treat other people as actual or potential sex objects. Those who worship power define themselves in terms of it and treat other people as either collaborators, competitors, or pawns. These and many other forms of idolatry combine in a thousand ways, all of them damaging to the image-bearing quality of the people concerned and of those whose lives they touch.
Nenia Campbell, Horrorscape|I want to be your last thought at night, and your first taste at dawn.
Aaron B. Powell, Sugar Baby|Good lord, what have I gotten myself into?
Kody Keplinger, Shut Out|It's so screwed up, the standards...You should like it, but you shouldn't like it too much or talk about how much you like it. You should do it, but you shouldn't do it with too many people or talk about how much you're doing it. It's like there are so many rules, but none of them make sense.
Stephen Fry|It’s the strangest thing about this church - it is obsessed with sex, absolutely obsessed. Now, they will say we, with our permissive society and rude jokes, are obsessed. No. We have a healthy attitude. We like it, it’s fun, it’s jolly; because it’s a primary impulse it can be dangerous and dark and difficult. It’s a bit like food in that respect, only even more exciting. The only people who are obsessed with food are anorexics and the morbidly obese, and that in erotic terms is the Catholic Church in a nutshell.
Jorge Amado, Tent of Miracles|Not even God who made us all can kill everybody at once. He kills people one by one, and the more he kills the more people are gonna be born and grow up and go on being born and growing up and mixing, and no son-of-a-bitch is gonna stop 'em!
J.G. Ballard, The Unlimited Dream Company|Miriam - I'll give you any flowers you want!' Rhapsodising over the thousand scents of her body, I exclaimed: 'I'll grow orchids from your hands, roses from your breasts. You can have magnolias in your hair...!''And in my heart?''In your womb I'll set a fly-trap!
Kody Keplinger, Shut Out|Chloe didn't have all the answers, either. I knew that now. But she had known something all along that I hadn't: that being ashamed of what you want or how you feel is pointless, and letting anyone else make you feel ashamed is a waste. We all wanted different things, and that was okay. Chloe wanted sex without commitment. Mary wanted to wait until she was ready. And I wasn't sure what I wanted, but I didn't want to make any decisions until I knew. And I was proud of that.
S.C. Stephens|And these women were not concerned in the least that Kellan had roommates. In fact, I don't think they were even concerned that he had neighbors. Maybe they were operating under the false assumption that Kellan gave out awards for who could be the loudest... who was the more enthusiastic... who could say "Oh, God !" the most. Then again, maybe the jerk actually did give out prizes.
Sarah Hall, How to Paint a Dead Man|The two of you are different now, calmer. There is still sex, occasionally, but is no longer a priority to seduce or be seduced by him.
M.F. Moonzajer|You don't need sex to make love, but you need love to make sex.
Albert malete|weather you scream or mime , im going going to those lips with cream.
Erica Dakin, The Conspiracy|Is that how you get propositioned at the court? 'Mylady, would you be so kind as to allow me to put my manhood in your vagina'?
Royal Young, Fame Shark|I grew up watching my father make plates that featured penises as centerpieces. Pink, proud, and stiff, encircled by cerulean Greek key, Dad’s creations made me feel scared and small. I saw a private part of the man I could not measure up to. At six years old, I lived in a world shaded by his ceramic glazes. There was love and color, but anger, too, in the way he kneaded his clay, palms pounding the rich, wet earth into shapes of his choosing.
Erica Dakin, The Conspiracy|You're so... You're too... You're..." He faltered, then took a deep breath. "I have no words for you, Sita. You leave me speechless."I smiled and pinched his buttock so he twitched. "Speechless? Gods, I've broken you. I never would have deemed it possible to render you speechless.
Sarah Ruhl, Eurydice|Orpheus said the mind is a slide ruler. It can fit around anything. Show me your body, he said. It only means one thing.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Roselyn adored the scent of sex, the wafting aroma of angel fontanels before they earn their halos.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Private moments held not a candle to coitus, not even the expensive kind of candle that made the whole room smell of far off seasons.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Beyond these moments, she could hardly count the fumbling ministrations of boys in high school who, even to her senior prom, never went beyond sticky pleasantries. With one exception, it was just a sort of half-clothed handshake for bragging rights, none hers.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|Judge me if you must, but keep in mind how very little pleasure I could have possibly derived from a one-thrust sex session, a quickie in a closet, and a come-free drunken hookup. If anything, you should feel sorry for me.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed|I glance down his body. He's still wearing his shorts and his shirt, and I still have my T-shirt on. Jeez-- talk about wham, bam, thank you ma'am.
Madeline Sheehan|The difference between a self-induced orgasm and an orgasm given by a man is like comparing a rainy day and a rain storm. Rain was a sure thing, you knew exactly what you were going to get: a clean and crisp, both sweet and refreshing experience. But rainstorms were unpredictable, they were riddled with surprises, messy and wet; they were something you had no control over.
John Paul II, Love and Responsibility|Treating a person as a means to an end, and an end moreover which in this case is pleasure, the maximization of pleasure, will always stand in the way of love.
Nikki Sex, Elizabeth's Bondage|I am a good lover, but that is not so difficult. It requires only that I pay attention, and watch and listen to a woman and her body." André Chevalier
Georges Bataille, Story of the Eye|I remember that one day, when we were in a car tooling along at top speed,we crashed into a cyclist, an apparently very young and very pretty girl. Her head was almost totally ripped off by the wheels. For a long time, we were parked a few yards beyond without getting out, fully absorbed in the sight of the corpse. The horror and despair at so much bloody flesh, nauseating in part, and in part very beautiful, was fairly equivalent to our usual impression upon seeing one another.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|But you don't fuck me cold-heartedly,' she protested.'I don't want to fuck you at all.'Lady Chatterly's Lover
Jillian Dodd, Stalk Me|I swear to God, I think my panties just melted off my body. How can Crush just talking sex make me hot?
Mary MacLane, I, Mary MacLane: A Diary of Human Days|I Don’t Know whether lust is a human coarseness or a human fineness: I don’t know why death holds a so sweet lure since it would take away my Body: I don’t know that I wouldn’t deny my Christ, if I had one, three times before a given cockcrow: I don’t know on the other hand that I would: I don’t know whether honor is a reality in human beings or a pose: I don’t know that I mayn’t be able to think with my Body when it is in its coffin.
Nella Larsen, Passing|Well, what of it? If sex isn’t a joke, what is it
Nicky Charles, The Mating|Elise hid her face in his shoulder, embarassed, "Kane! What will they think?" She whispered against his neck."That we're newly bonded and I can't keep my hands off of my lovely mate." And sure enough, the good natured calls that accompanied them across the yard left her in no doubt that the others were thinking exactly that.
Nikki Sex, Amy's Gangbang Love Story|I was craving a chance at the lifelong fantasy, and I had that. That was a one-off thing. I was looking for an experience, Eric, not wanting to cultivate a habit.
Nikki Sex, Amy's Gangbang Love Story|It was an obsession, it was a compulsion. "The way to banish temptation is to give into it," the saying went. Maybe if she experienced a gangbang, it wouldn't be such a big deal, and would no longer be the focus of her sexual imagination.
Elle Jasper, Eventide|Rest," he whispers against my temple, and despite my sleepiness, the feel of his lips moving across my skin makes me shiver. "I'll be here when you wake up.""Oh, God," I mumble, sliding my arm over Eli's chest and snuggling close. "Have we become that old couple that doesn't have sex anymore?"Eli's chuckle rumbles against my ear. "We had sex this morning.""Okay," I say already being pulled into slumber.
Anthony McDonald, Adam|Sex was like the wooden horse of Troy, he decided. How uncomplicated a gift it seemed at first, but once you had let it through the gate how many unexpected dangers might be found to have stowed themselves away inside.
Elizabeth Hardwick, Sleepless Nights|In those years I did not care to enjoy sex, only to have it. That is what seeing Alex again on Fifth Avenue brought back to me - a youth of fascinated, passionless copulation. There they are, figures in a discoloured blur, young men and not so young, the nice ones with automobiles, the dull ones full of suspicions and stinginess. By asking a thousand questions of many heavy souls, I did not learn much. You receive biographies interesting mainly for their coherence. So many are children who from the day of their birth are growing up to be their parents. Look at the voting records, inherited like flat feet.
Sharon Weil, Donny and Ursula Save the World|You can fuck me if you want," she said. "I know a man needs to be able to say thank you - and words don't always come so easy.
Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again|Most people think love comes from the heart or soul. The heart simply pumps blood, so love can't be created there. Where is the center for what appears to be a person's soul? The Brain. And what is created there, Jilly? That's right--dopamine. What does dopamine do? Creates feelings of love and euphoria. How do we get our brains to create more? Drugs, massage, and/or sex. Boil it down and it's all just dopamine.
Kate Zambreno|Henry Miller, Genet, Sade, Bataille are really important writers for me and I love them, but I feel often they don’t love me, you know? I feel I always have to wrap my head around the way the girl is treated in the works, and the way the woman writer has been treated within their philosophies. I think of Kathy Acker’s Blood and Guts in High School, where Janey Smith is in an S&M relationship with Jean Genet, who she follows around the deserts of Algeria, and he’s horrible to her, and that’s what I think of when I think of my relationship to those writers. I think you have to read the text, obviously, despite that. You seem to be subverting Sade and Bataille’s ideas of the whore, and Henry Miller – all of his cunt portraits, all of his horrors that he writes about – you’re writing about it from an interiority and a subjectivity that we don’t typically get with the ‘whore’ or the ‘slut’ or the sexual girl.
Emily Gould, And the Heart Says Whatever|As a child I was a little bit disgusted and embarrassed to learn about the facts of life, and did not immediately connect the idea of “sex” to the feelings I got when I lay on the carpet on my stomach,idly humping a stuffed animal while watching Sesame Street. The realization that sex could be something to anticipate happily rather than to dread as another unpleasant grown-up duty came to me in a dream. Nothing overtly sexual even happened in this dream—it was a dream about lying in bed on a sunny afternoon with sun streaking the sheets, surrounded by warmth, feeling satisfied. It took life a long time for life to catch up with what this idealized version of sex could be like; it’s still not like that every time, but when it is, I notice.
Jamie Holoran, Rounder's People|Ah bet she’s a dirty wee minx in the scratcher. Y’see that "butter wouldnae melt" expression she’s goat goin on? That’s jist a smokescreen – ah guarantee she goes like a train.’ Jimmy belched, considerately turning his head away to exhale.
Tamara Faith Berger, Maidenhead|My essay had evolved into thinking about fucking. You could be raped a thousand times and still be a virgin. I was writing about fucking by a master and fucking as a slave, about Hegel, the comfort women and teenage porno stars. Ms. Bain and Mr. Rotowsky could fail me, I didn’t care. I’d pass just with the bibliography. I was compiling a list of every single book I’d read or that I wanted to read that was about power and sex. High school should have a whole fucking course on just this. I was helping the school make curriculum…I was writing my essay, writing easily now. I didn’t have a reader anymore like Lee or Chris but I imagined that I was writing for them both. Maybe I was writing for anyone who could fucking stand me.
Michèle Bernstein, All the King's Horses (Semiotext|I always wake up early in a strange bed. I looked at Bertrand, I wonder about him. There was a sort of easy grace in whatever he did, He didn't talk much. I watched this boy sleeping beside me. God, was he tall, and handsome. I was surprised, during the night, when he's told me he was only nineteen. I never would have imagined this kind of cool confidence could come so early to a person. But nineteen, after all, wasn't so far off. I remembered how stupid I was in my relations with other people then.
Sarah Schulman, Empathy|Some people have sex by putting fishhooks in each other. Couple this act with a simple understanding of the basic function of all living creatures to expand and contract. Now, try that with fishhooks.
Sharon Weil, Donny and Ursula Save the World|Lovers remain in each other's energy fields for 21 days after intercourse. Renewed with each act. Do the math. Choose wisely... otherwise you're carrying that stink with you for a long time...Stop having sex right now!...All of you. Until you know you're not giving yourselves away." - Sheerah
Catherine Asaro, The Fire Opal|Don't go to sleep, Ginger-Sun.""Draz-""I know," he muttered, "'Behave, Baz. She's been through a lot. And don't make a baby for at least three months.'""They told you not to touch me for three months?""Let's just say it was strongly suggested.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Without pain, how could we know joy?' This is an old argument in the field of thinking about suffering and its stupidity and lack of sophistication could be plumbed for centuries but suffice it to say that the existence of broccoli does not, in any way, affect the taste of chocolate.
Jalaluddin Rumi|When you do things from your soul, you feel a river moving in you, a joy.
Seán O'Casey|Laughter is wine for the soul - laughter soft, or loud and deep, tinged through with seriousness - the hilarious declaration made by man that life is worth living.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Sorrow prepares you for joy. It violently sweeps everything out of your house, so that new joy can find space to enter. It shakes the yellow leaves from the bough of your heart, so that fresh, green leaves can grow in their place. It pulls up the rotten roots, so that new roots hidden beneath have room to grow. Whatever sorrow shakes from your heart, far better things will take their place.
Rabindranath Tagore|I slept and dreamt that life was joy. I awoke and saw that life was service. I acted and behold, service was joy.
R.A. Salvatore, Exile|Joy multiplies when it is shared among friends, but grief diminishes with every division. That is life.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|Pan, who and what art thou?" he cried huskily."I'm youth, I'm joy," Peter answered at a venture, "I'm a little bird that has broken out of the egg.
W.B. Yeats|Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|words are like nets - we hope they'll cover what we mean, but we know they can't possibly hold that much joy, or grief, or wonder.
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|If you celebrate your differentness, the world will, too. It believes exactly what you tell it—through the words you use to describe yourself, the actions you take to care for yourself, and the choices you make to express yourself. Tell the world you are one-of-a-kind creation who came here to experience wonder and spread joy. Expect to be accommodated.
Kahlil Gibran|The deeper that sorrow carves into your being,the more joy you can contain.Is not the cup that holds your wine the very cup that was burned in the potter's oven?And is not the lute that soothes your spirit, the very wood that was hollowed with knives?When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy.When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.
John Calvin|There is not one blade of grass, there is no color in this world that is not intended to make us rejoice.
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|Give me a moment, because I like to cry for joy. It's so delicious, John dear, to cry for joy.
Patricia Briggs, Cry Wolf|If she know how strongly he felt, she'd have run out the door. He wasn't used to the possessive, or the savage joy she brought to his heart. It ate at his control, so he turned his attention to the music. He understood music.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|And yet all loneliness, angers, hatreds, envies, and itchings that (Hell) contains, if rolled into one single experience and put into the scale against the least moment of the joy that is felt by the least in Heaven, would have no weight that could be registered at all. Bad cannot succeed even in being bad as truly as good is good.
André Gide|Know that joy is rarer, more difficult, and more beautiful than sadness. Once you make this all-important discovery, you must embrace joy as a moral obligation.
George Eliot, Daniel Deronda|For what is love itself, for the one we love best? - an enfolding of immeasurable cares which yet are better than any joys outside our love.
Henri Matisse|I didn't expect to recover from my second operation but since I did, I consider that I'm living on borrowed time. Every day that dawns is a gift to me and I take it in that way. I accept it gratefully without looking beyond it. I completely forget my physical suffering and all the unpleasantness of my present condition and I think only of the joy of seeing the sun rise once more and of being able to work a little bit, even under difficult conditions.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|No matter what all your teeth and wet fingers anticipated, there was no accounting for the way that simple joy could shake you.
Adyashanti|If you prefer smoke over firethen get up now and leave.For I do not intend to perfumeyour mind's clothingwith more sooty knowledge.No, I have something else in mind.Today I hold a flame in my left handand a sword in my right.There will be no damage control today.For God is in a moodto plunder your riches andfling you nakedlyinto such breathtaking povertythat all that will be left of youwill be a tendency to shine.So don't just sit around this flamechoking on your mind.For this is no campfire songto mindlessly mantra yourself to sleep with.Jump now into the spacebetween thoughtsand exit this dreambefore I burn the damn place down.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us.
Martin R. Lemieux|Accept your dark side, understanding it will help you to move with the light. Knowing both sides of our souls, helps us all to move forward in life and to understand that, perfection doesn't exist.
Matthew Buckley, Chickens in the Headlights|One of the secrets of life is to find joy in the journey." But Grandma, you weren't on *this* journey. It was just crazy--"Grandma held up her hand. "You have six brothers. You got to spend a whole day in the car with them. You're all healthy, well fed, happy... Someday, when you're a little older, I'll bet you'd give anything to be back in that van of yours with all of your brothers, smelly diapers and all."I mulled that over.Well what about Dad?" I pointed out. "He didn't find any joy in the journey. He was yelling at trees."Grandma sat back, "Your father and mother are masters at finding joy in the journey."I didn't understand.Grandma continued, "Do you really think your parents would have had seven kids if they couldn't find joy in the journey?... I would be willing to wager that he'll be laughing about this trip on Monday morning with his friends at work."Grandma took my hands into hers. "There are a lot of people in this life that will try to convince you that they're selling something that will bring you joy. The simple fact of the matter is that *things* don't bring you joy. You have to find joy in life experience. And if you take along somebody you love, then that journey is going to be all the more enjoyable.I can promise you right now that both good and bad things are going to happen to you in your life. Good and bad things happen to everybody. Some people are good at finding the miserable things in life, and some are good at finding the joy. No matter what happens to you, what you remember is up to you.
Helen Keller|There is joy in self-forgetfulness. So I try to make the light in others' eyes my sun, the music in others' ears my symphony, the smile on others' lips my happiness.
David Almond, Kit's Wilderness|There's light and joy, but there's also darkness all around and we can be lost in it.
Mother Teresa, A Life For God: The Mother Teresa Reader|If you are joyful, do not worry about lukewarmness. Joy will shine in your eyes and in your look, in your conversation and in your countenance. You will not be able to hide it because joy overflows.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|It is only when the mind is free from the old that it meets everything anew, and in that there is joy.
Barbara Kingsolver, High Tide in Tucson|In my own worst seasons I've come back from the colorless world of despair by forcing myself to look hard, for a long time, at a single glorious thing: a flame of red geranium outside my bedroom window. And then another: my daughter in a yellow dress. And another: the perfect outline of a full, dark sphere behind the crescent moon. Until I learned to be in love with my life again. Like a stroke victim retraining new parts of the brain to grasp lost skills, I have taught myself joy, over and over again(15).
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|I was surrounded by friends, my work was immense, and pleasures were abundant. Life, now, was unfolding before me, constantly and visibly, like the flowers of summer that drop fanlike petals on eternal soil. Overall, I was happiest to be alone; for it was then I was most aware of what I possessed. Free to look out over the rooftops of the city. Happy to be alone in the company of friends, the company of lovers and strangers. Everything, I decided, in this life, was pure pleasure.
Kiera Cass, The Heir|I'm happy, Ahren. I'm a princess. I have everything.""I think you're mistaking comfort for joy.
Pope Benedict XVI|Something I constantly notice is that unembarrassed joy has become rarer. Joy today is increasingly saddled with moral and ideological burdens, so to speak. When someone rejoices, he is afraid of offending against solidarity with the many people who suffer. I don't have any right to rejoice, people think, in a world where there is so much misery, so much injustice.I can understand that. There is a moral attitude at work here. But this attitude is nonetheless wrong. The loss of joy does not make the world better - and, conversely, refusing joy for the sake of suffering does not help those who suffer. The contrary is true. The world needs people who discover the good, who rejoice in it and thereby derive the impetus and courage to do good. Joy, then, does not break with solidarity. When it is the right kind of joy, when it is not egotistic, when it comes from the perception of the good, then it wants to communicate itself, and it gets passed on. In this connection, it always strikes me that in the poor neighborhoods of, say, South America, one sees many more laughing happy people than among us. Obviously, despite all their misery, they still have the perception of the good to which they cling and in which they can find encouragement and strength.In this sense we have a new need for that primordial trust which ultimately only faith can give. That the world is basically good, that God is there and is good. That it is good to live and to be a human being. This results, then, in the courage to rejoice, which in turn becomes commitment to making sure that other people, too, can rejoice and receive good news.
Robert Schimmel, Cancer on Five Dollars a Day* (*chemo not included): How Humor Got Me Through the Toughest Journey of My Life|Because when you’re laughing, there is no other emotion in that moment except for joy.
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|It is strange,' he said at last. 'I had longed to enter the world of men. Now I see it filled with sorrow, with cruelty and treachery, with those who would destroy all around them.' 'Yet, enter it you must,' Gwydion answered, 'for it is a destiny laid on each of us. True, you have seen these things. But there are equal parts of love and joy.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I've been quite a late developer on the clothes front, but I've suddenly realised it is one of life's joys.
Mary Oliver|That timeI thought I could notgo any closer to griefwithout dyingI went closer,and I did not die.Surely Godhad his hand in this,as well as friends.Still, I was bent,and my laughter,as the poet said,was nowhere to be found.Then said my friend Daniel,(brave even among lions),“It’s not the weight you carrybut how you carry it -books, bricks, grief -it’s all in the wayyou embrace it, balance it, carry itwhen you cannot, and would not,put it down.”So I went practicing.Have you noticed?Have you heardthe laughterthat comes, now and again,out of my startled mouth?How I lingerto admire, admire, admirethe things of this worldthat are kind, and maybealso troubled -roses in the wind,the sea geese on the steep waves,a loveto which there is no reply?
Frederick William Faber|There are souls in this world who have the gift of finding joy everywhere, and leaving it behind them when they go.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian|It was strange, I reflected.. that even in the weirdest circumstances, the most troubling episodes of one's life, the greatest divides from home and familiarity, there were these moments of undeniable joy.
Raffi Cavoukian|We find these joys to be self evident: That all children are created whole, endowed with innate intelligence, with dignity and wonder, worthy of respect. The embodiment of life, liberty and happiness, children are original blessings, here to learn their own song. Every girl and boy is entitled to love, to dream and belong to a loving “village.” And to pursue a life of purpose.We affirm our duty to nourish and nurture the young, to honour their caring ideals as the heart of being human. To recognize the early years as the foundation of life, and to cherish the contribution of young children to human evolution.We commit ourselves to peaceful ways and vow to keep from harm or neglect these, our most vulnerable citizens. As guardians of their prosperity we honour the bountiful Earth whose diversity sustains us. Thus we pledge our love for generations to come. 
Pericles|Wait for that wisest of all counselores, Time.
Theodore Roosevelt|Although not a very old man, I have yet lived a great deal in my life, and I have known sorrow too bitter and joy too keen to allow me to become either cast down or elated for more than a very brief period over any success or defeat.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|The joy you find as a teen, however frivolous and dumb, is pure and meaningful.
Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures|The things that brought me the most comfort now were too small to list. Raspberries in cream. Sparrows with cocked heads. Shadows of bare limbs making for sidewalk filigrees. Roses past their prime with their petals loose about them. The shouts of children at play in the neighborhood, Ginger Rogers on the black-and-white screen.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|The wisest were just the poor and simple people. They knew the war to be a misfortune, whereas those who were better off, and should have been able to see more clearly what the consequences would be, were beside themselves with joy.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, The Treasury of David, Volumes #1-3|To rejoice in temporal comforts is dangerous, to rejoice in self is foolish, to rejoice in sin is fatal, but to rejoice in God is heavenly.
Denis Waitley|Mistakes are painful when they happen, but years later a collection of mistakes is what is called experience.
J.R.R. Tolkien|And all the host laughed and wept, and in the midst of their merriment and tears the clear voice of the minstrel rose like silver and gold, and all men were hushed. And he sang to them, now in the Elven-tongue, now in the speech of the West, until their hearts, wounded with sweet words, overflowed, and their joy was like swords, and they passed in thought out to regions where pain and delight flow together and tears are the very wine of blessedness.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|When we lay the soil of our hard lives open to the rain of grace and let joy penetrate our cracked and dry places, let joy soak into our broken skin and deep crevices, life grows. How can this not be the best thing for the world? For us?
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|We must never expect discretion in first love: it is accompanied by such excessive joy that unless the joy is allowed to overflow, it will choke you.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie|The essence of life is not in the great victories and grand failures, but in the simple joys.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Radical Sanity: Commonsense Advice for Uncommon Women|Embrace fanaticism. Harness joie de vivre by pursuing insane interests, consuming passions, and constant sources of gratification that do not depend on the approval of others
Henry Ward Beecher|There are joys which long to be ours. God sends ten thousands truths, which come about us like birds seeking inlet; but we are shut up to them, and so they bring us nothing, but sit and sing awhile upon the roof, and then fly away.
Pearl Bailey|The sweetest joy, the wildest woe is love.
George Orwell, 1984|She had had her momentary flowering, a year, perhaps, of wildrose beauty, and then she had suddenly swollen like a fertilized fruit and grown hard and red and coarse, and then her life had been laundering, scrubbing, laundering, first for children, then for grandchildren, over thirty years. At the end of it she was still singing.
Rachel Scott|These are the hands of Rachel Joy Scott and one day, will touch millions of people's hearts.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec|When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|As to the mouth, it delights at times in laughter; it is disposed to impart all that the brain conceives; though I daresay it would be silent on much the heart experiences. Mobile and flexible, it was never intended to be compressed in the eternal silence of solitude: it is a mouth which should speak much and smile often, and have human affection for its interlocutor.
Marilynne Robinson|The twinkling of an eye. That is the most wonderful expression. I've thought from time to time it was the best thing in life, that little incandescence you see in people when the charm of a thing strikes them, or the humor of it. 'The light of the eyes rejoiceth the heart.' That's a fact.
Eileen Granfors, And More White Sheets: An expanded text edition|Something in the air this morning made me feel like flying. . . "Spring Flight
David O. McKay|The true purpose of life is the perfection of humanity through individual effort, under the guidance of God's inspiration. Real life is response to the best within us. To be alive only to appetite, pleasure, pride, money-making, and not to goodness and kindness, purity and love, poetry, music, flowers, stars, God and eternal hopes, is to deprive one's self of the real joy of living.
Milan Kundera, Slowness|Because beyond their practical function, all gestures have a meaning that exceeds the intention of those who make them; when people in bathing suits fling themselves into the water, it is joy itself that shows in the gesture, notwithstanding any sadness the divers may actually feel. When someone jumps into the water fully clothed, it is another thing entirely: the only person who jumps into the water fully clothed is a person trying to drown; and a person trying to drown does not dive headfirst; he lets himself fall: thus speaks the immemorial language of gestures.
Michael Ventura, The Zoo Where You're Fed to God|Good is not the opposite of evil, joy is the opposite of evil.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|My joy was ghostly, like something not quite realized.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|It's the same struggle for each of us, and the same path out: the utterly simple, infinitely wise ultimately defiant act of loving one thing and then another, loving our way back to life... Maybe being perfectly happy is not really the point. Maybe that is only some modern American dream of the point, while the truer measure of humanity is the distance we must travel in our lives, time and again, "twixt two extremes of passion--joy and grief," as Shakespeare put it. However much I've lost, what remains to me is that I can still speak to name the things I love. And I can look for safety in giving myself away to the world's least losable things.
C.S. Lewis|All joy... emphasizes our pilgrim status; always reminds, beckons, awakens desire. Our best havings are wantings.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|If ever you have had a romantic, uncalculating friendship, - a boundless worship and belief in some hero of your soul, - if ever you have so loved, that all cold prudence, all selfish worldly considerations have gone down like drift-wood before a river flooded with new rain from heaven, so that you even forgot yourself, and were ready to cast your whole being into the chasm of existence, as an offering before the feet of another, and all for nothing, - if you awoke bitterly betrayed and deceived, still give thanks to God that you have had one glimpse of heaven. The door now shut will open again. Rejoice that the noblest capability of your eternal inheritance has been made known to you; treasure it, as the highest honor of your being, that ever you could so feel, -that so divine a guest ever possessed your soul.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Ahead of All Parting: The Selected Poetry and Prose|Joy is a marvelous increasing of what exists, a pure addition out of nothingness.
Joseph F. Merrill|Suffering has its place in the scheme of things. It serves a purpose even though the sufferer may be entirely free from the taint of sin... Among the gentlest and sweetest souls are sometimes found those who suffer much. A person that accepts his lot, does his best, loving both God and man, is a success and will experience a joy in living.
John Green|this is the rough part, okay? so just stay tuned for the good part. i promise it'll come soon.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|I was assailed by memories of a life that wasn't mine anymore, but one in which I'd found the simplest and most lasting joys: the smells of summer, the part of town I loved, a certain evening sky, Marie's dresses and the way she laughed.
Pope Benedict XVI|Each of you has a personal vocation which He has given you for your own joy and sanctity. When a person is conquered by the fire of His gaze, no sacrifice seems too great to follow Him and give Him the best of ourselves. This is what the saints have always done, spreading the light of the Lord ... and transforming the world into a welcoming home for everyone.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Perhaps in nearly every joy, as certainly in every pleasure, cruelty has its place.
John Piper, Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist|But to enjoy him we must know him. Seeing is savoring. If he remains a blurry, vague fog, we may be intrigued for a season. But we will not be stunned with joy, as when the fog clears and you find yourself on the brink of some vast precipice.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Now, remember: they're not for eating, but for listening, because you'll often be hungry for sounds as well as food. Here are street noises at night, train whistles from a long way off, dry leaves burning, busy department stores, crunching toast, creaking bed springs, and of course, all kinds of laughter. There's a little of each, and in far off, lonely places, I think you will be glad to have them.
Goldie Hawn|Letting go of someone we love is the hardest thing we will ever do. Some people never surrender to love for the fear of being hurt. But to not have loved, to not have felt the immense joy it brings, would have been a far worse kind of death.
Anaïs Nin, Mirages: The Unexpurgated Diary of Anais Nin|Over and over again I sail towards joy, which is never in the room with me, but always near me, across the way, like those rooms full of gayety one sees from the street, or the gayety in the street one sees from a window. Will I ever reach joy? It hides behind the turning merry-go-round of the traveling circus. As soon as I approach it, it is no longer joy. Joy is a foam, an illumination. I am poorer and hungrier for the want of it. When I am in the dance, joy is outside in the elusive garden. When I am in the garden, I hear it exploding from the house. When I am traveling, joy settles like an aurora borealis over the land I leave. When I stand on the shore I see it bloom on the flag of a departing ship. What joy? Have I not possessed it? I want the joy of simple colours, street organs, ribbons, flags, not a joy that takes my breath away and throws me into space alone where no one else can breathe with me, not the joy that comes from a lonely drunkenness. There are so many joys, but I have only known the ones that come like a miracle, touching everything with light.
Taija Rae|We all try to be are greatest, but what if are greatest hasn’t affected others with greatness…
Virginia Woolf|The melancholy river bears us on. When the moon comes through the trailing willow boughs, I see your face, I hear your voice and the bird singing as we pass the osier bed. What are you whispering? Sorrow, sorrow. Joy, joy. Woven together, like reeds in moonlight.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Humility and How to Get It|Man is a fallen star till he is right with heaven: he is out of order with himself and all around him till he occupies his true place in relation to God. When he serves God, he has reached that point where he doth serve himself best, and enjoys himself most. It is man's honour, it is man's joy, it is man's heaven, to live unto God.
Marjorie Garber|If you have a dog, you will most likely outlive it; to get a dog is to open yourself to profound joy and, prospectively, to equally profound sadness.
John Shors, Beneath a Marble Sky|I wondered then why children played so in the river, but adults ceased to see it with the same eyes. Why couldn't we embrace such simple joys?
Bram Stoker, Dracula|I have cried even when the laugh did choke me. But no more think that I am all sorry when I cry, for the laugh he come just the same. Keep it always with you that laughter who knock at your door and say, ‘May I come in?’ is not true laughter. No! He is a king, and he come when and how he like. He ask no person, he choose no time of suitability. He say, ‘I am here.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|There was an agelessness about him, a stillness; on Roose Bolton's face, rage and joy looked much the same.
Charlotte Eriksson|Beautiful places are not just a joy for the moment, while you’re there. They will become homes for you, spaces of solace and comfort, where you can close your eyes and go to. Nothing you experience will ever go away. It belongs to you now. Just feel. Don’t be afraid to feel.
Jaye L. Knight, Samara's Peril|These are hard and uncertain times we’re living in,” he said. “You never know what will still be here tomorrow. That’s why we must take joy every day in what we do have, so it’s something we can carry in our memories when things change.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Fred dislikes the idea going into the ministry partly because he doesn't like "feeling obligated to look serious", and he centers his doubts on "what people expect of a clergyman".
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|In what he suffered, as in all true suffering and in true joy, there was the quality of eternity. He could not believe it would ever end.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Joy doesn't ever leave, you know. It's always with you. And one day you'll find it again.
C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life|I was still young and the whole world of beauty was opening before me, my own officious obstructions were often swept aside and, startled into self-forgetfulness, I again tasted Joy. ... One thing, however, I learned, which has since saved me from many popular confusions of mind. I came to know by experience that it is not a disguise of sexual desire. ... I repeatedly followed that path - to the end. And at the end one found pleasure; which immediately resulted in the discovery that pleasure (whether that pleasure or any other) was not what you had been looking for. No moral question was involved; I was at this time as nearly nonmoral on that subject as a human creature can be. The frustration did not consist in finding a "lower" pleasure instead of a "higher." It was the irrelevance of the conclusion that marred it. ... You might as well offer a mutton chop to a man who is dying of thirst as offer sexual pleasure to the desire I am speaking of. ... Joy is not a substitute for sex; sex is very often a substitute for Joy. I sometimes wonder whether all pleasures are not substitutes for Joy.
Jill Knowles, Concubine|Princes are fighters or administrators. Neither of those things do much to spread joy in the world. Whores, concubines, and catamites, on the other hand, are all about giving satisfaction. Now granted, sexual pleasure is a temporary sort of happiness, but it is better than a new tax or a sword in the gut.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The joy and smile of even one child is worth more than the prancing intellects of a thousand men, for we are, that we might have joy, and be free.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Joy is based on the spiritual knowledge that, while the world in which we live is shrouded in darkness, God has overcome the world.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|The sunlight now lay over the valley perfectly still. I went over to the graveyard beside the church and found them under the old cedars... I am finding it a little hard to say that I felt them resting there, but I did. I felt their completeness as whatever they had been in the world.I knew I had come there out of kindness, theirs and mine. The grief that came to me then was nothing like the grief I had felt for myself alone... This grief had something in it of generosity, some nearness to joy. In a strange way it added to me what I had lost. I saw that, for me, this country would always be populated with presences and absences, presences of absences, the living and the dead. The world as it is would always be a reminder of the world that was, and of the world that is to come.
Susannah Spurgeon|How wise should we be if, with joyful certainty, we accepted each unfolding of His will as a proof of His faithfulness and love!
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Here and Now: Living in the Spirit|While optimism makes us live as if someday soon things will soon go better for us, hope frees us from the need to predict the future and allows us to live in the present, with the deep trust that God will never leave us alone but will fulfill the deepest desires of our heart... Joy in this perspective is the fruit of hope.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|There were sins whose fascination was more in the memory than in the doing of them, strange triumphs that gratified the pride more than the passions, and gave to the intellect a quickened sense of joy, greater than any joy they brought, or could ever bring, to the senses.
John Ortberg Jr., Everybody's Normal Till You Get to Know Them|What makes a man's 80 year-old Irish uncle skip like a little boy? "Me Father is very fond of me!
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|And so silence and ...darkness hold happiness and joy?" he said softly."Assuredly," she said, "provided one listens to the silence and gazes deeply into the darkness. Everything is there. Everything.
Sean Stewart, Nobody's Son|Look for Joy: that's God's echo, and his footprint. Happiness . . . happiness and wittiness and cleverness do not count for much when the darkness falls. Joy is tougher.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|The Christian living in disobedience also lives devoid of joy and hope. But when he begins to understand that Christ has delivered him from the reign of sin, when he begins to see that he is united to Him who has all power and authority and that it is possible to walk in obedience, he begins to have hope, and as he hopes in Christ, he begins to have joy. In the strength of this joy, he begins to overcome the sins that have so easily entangle him. He then finds that the joy of a holy walk is infinitely more satisfying than the fleeting pleasures of sin. But to experience this joy, we must make some choices. We must choose to forsake sin, not only because it is defeating to us but because it grieves the heart of God.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|...but most of all he liked to listen to stories of real life. He smiled gleefully as he listened to such stories, putting in words and asking questions, all aiming at bringing out clearly the moral beauty of the action of which he was told. Attachments, friendships, love, as Pierre understood them, Karataev had none, but he loved and lived on affectionate terms with every creature with whom he was thrown in life, and especially so with man- not with any particular man, but with the men that happened to be before his eyes.But his life, as he looked at it, had no meaning as a separate life. It only had meaning as part of a whole, of which he was at all times conscious.
Jonathan D. Spence, Emperor of China: Self-Portrait of K'ang-Hsi|Seek joyfulness when you can, for seeking joy leads to an auspicious atmosphere.
Carol Emshwiller, Carmen Dog|May we all soon go about as our real selves and take joy in it, saying, yes, yes, to whatever we are.
David Wilkerson, The Cross and the Switchblade|A suburban pastor maintained services appropriate for his respected, professional parish. His father, an excitable traveling evangelist, visited and challenged the congregation to confront pride and sing out loudly with the windows open. The next day, the pastor’s banker mentioned overhearing, and he was sheepish. The buttoned-up banker said, though, that the neighborhood had been WAITING TO HEAR the church live out the joy they claimed.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Pierre had for the first time experienced that strange and fascinating feeling in the Slobodsky palace, when he suddenly felt that wealth and power and life, all that men build up and guard with such effort ,is only worth anything through the joy with which it can all be cast away.
Sebastian Barry, On Canaan's Side|And what else could we have come here for, except to sense these tiny victories? Not the big victories that crush and kill the victor. Not the wars and civil ructions, but the saving grace of a Hollandaise sauce that has escaped all the possibilities of culinary disaster and is being spread like a yellow prayer on a plump cod steak - victoriously.
Alain Daniélou, Gods of Love and Ecstasy: The Traditions of Shiva and Dionysus|The faithful of Shiva or Dionysus seek contact with those forces which...lead to a refusal of the politics, ambitions and limitations of ordinary social life. This does not involve simply a recognition of world harmony, but also an active participation in an experience which surpasses and upsets the order of material life.
Marion G. Romney|We lose our life by serving and lifting others. By so doing we experience the only true and lasting happiness. Service is not something we endure on this earth so we can earn the right to live in the celestial kingdom. Service is the very fiber of which an exalted life in the celestial kingdom is made. Oh, for the glorious day when these things all come naturally because of the purity of our hearts... We are truly happy only when we are engaged in unselfish service. Service is what godhood is all about.
Mary Woronov, Swimming Underground: My Years in the Warhol Factory|She was crouched in the corner of the room, eating something off the floor. It was the old woman dressed in endless black. When she looked up this time there was no question she was there for me. She had the face of my mother but much older, her ancient decayed mouth coming closer for her good-night kiss. I steeled myself against her putrid smell, the mouthful of bitter dust, but as her lips touched mine it was like biting into a purple black plum whose fruit was brilliant red, like an explosion of intense joy. Its childhood smell wrinkled my nose with pleasure, its sweet juices ran down my chin, turning into a beautiful black ocean where I floated safely, not lost as I had imagined, but securely tucked away deep in space.
Julieanne O'Connor|Worthy or not, you will receive your destiny. Awake or not you will notice.
Marty Rubin|The examined life: nothing is more futile or counterproductive. The active, joyous, spontaneous life: that is what one should aim for.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|I was delighted to see you again, and forgot for the moment that all happiness is fleeting.
Marty Rubin|My teachers told me: Question everything; take nothing for granted. I question nothing, I take everything for granted.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|As long as there is thirst in you, water can quench it; but you can live a kind of life in which you never feel thirsty; do not go in the sun, do no manual work, stay at home and relax and you will not feel the thirst. But then you will find no joy in drinking water. He who toils all day, enjoys the bliss of a good night’s rest. This is ironical: if you want to enjoy the pleasure of a good night’s sleep you have to work like a labourer all day. The trouble is that you want to spend your days like an emperor and your nights like a labourer.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Horizon|Don't let fear swallow all your happiness. Don't forget to take joy." Dag gulped. Both of their grounds were nearly closed. It was Arkady's voice alone that hinted how hard-bought this bit of wisdom might've been, yet the words had been nearly toneless.
Jacopone da Todi, Jacopone Da Todi: The Lauds|O happy wound, full of delight, He whom You wound Is joyous indeed.
Marty Rubin|Sing, laugh and be merry because today you're alive.
John Piper|When this world totally fails, the ground for joy remains.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Taking trips tore all of us up inside, for they seemed, each journey away from home, something that might have been less selfishly undertaken, or something that would test us, or something that had better be momentous, to justify such a leap into the dark. The torment and guilt - the torment of having the loved one go, the guilt of being the loved one gone - comes into my fiction as it did and does in my life. And most of all the guilt then was because it was true: I had left to arrive at some future and secret joy, at what was unknown, and what was no in New York, waiting to be discovered. My joy was connected with my writing; that was as much as I knew.
Marty Rubin|There is a madness that is joy, and there is a madness that is just madness.
P.S. Clinen, The Will of the Wisp|for though life can have its unspeakable tragedies, there is simply too much joy out there for those who'd seek it.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|How often one goes to sleep troubled and full of pain, not knowing what causes the travail, and in the morning a whole new direction and clearness is there, maybe the result of the black reasoning. And again there are mornings when ecstasy bubbles in the blood, and the stomach and chest are tight and electric with joy, and nothing in the thoughts to justify it or cause it.
Paul Tautges, Pray about Everything: Cultivating God-Dependency|As long as the eyes of our faith are fixed upon our troubles we will not find joy. Until our minds consciously move the Lord from our peripheral vision into the narrow corridor of our focus, joy will elude us.
Jenni Young|Pause & Remember- If you empty yourself of yesterday's sorrows, you will have much more room for today's joy.
Nico J. Genes, Magnetic Reverie|Looking in the mirror, I saw a joyful face. And this happy girl was just about to go on a trip, with a one way ticket in her bag. Life was a never ending journey.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|The little white bundle—toddling dutifully down the hall to the front door—froze. Then a high-pitched scream as he began to run as fast as he could (which was not very fast at all, any more) and Boris—whooping with laughter—dropped to his knees.“Oh!” snatching him up, as Popchik wriggled and struggled. “You got fat! He got fat!” he said indignantly as Popchik jumped up and kissed him on the face. “You let him get fat! Yes, hello, poustyshka, little bit of fluff you, hello! You remember me, don’t you?” He had toppled over on his back, stretched out and laughing, as Popchik—still screaming with joy—jumped all over him. “He remembers me!
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Even ripples have a rhythmTo feel it, listen to their soundTap your feet as they directAnd joy shall abound…
Shellie Palmer|I have better understanding how difficult and complex life can be, fortunately I know when not to take things so seriously and just enjoy every moment
John Piper, When I Don't Desire God: How to Fight for Joy|In other words, when all the supports of human life and earthly happiness are taken away, God will be our delight, our joy. This experience is humanly impossible. No ordinary person can speak in truth like this. If God alone is enough to support joy when all else is lost, it is a miracle of grace.
John Piper, When I Don't Desire God: How to Fight for Joy|Indeed the devil thinks more true thoughts about God in one day than a saint does in a lifetime, and God is not honored by it. The problem with the devil is not his theology, but his desires. Our chief end is to glorify God, the great Object. We do so most fully when we treasure him, desire him, delight in him so supremely that we let goods and kindred go and display his love to the poor and the lost.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|Dear Lord, I ask that you help me make it through today with patience, understanding, and calmness in my heart. I ask that you replace any darkness in my life with light and my frustrations with joy. I ask these things in Jesus’s name, amen.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|For awhile, I was left with nothing on the physical plane. I had no relationships, no job, no home, no socially defined identity. I spent almost two years sitting on park benches in a state of the most intense joy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be happy, be happy.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|The days elude them, but they are the ones who witness the sorrows of the night. The wretched, gloomy nights. How they wish they could resolve the unbound grief of the human heart. If only they know what it was looking for. If only unbound joy could be the answer.
Gift Gugu Mona|One day I asked God to move the mountain ahead of me, but he said no because he wanted me to experience the joy of being on a mountain top.
Bronwyn Angela White, Something new to say|On Christmas morning when the beach is calling and the family’s gathering and the presents are a mystery (or definitely feels book-shaped anyway), and after the splendour and celebration of Christmas Eve, we don’t want Christmas Day to be an anticlimax. We’ve gifted our Oxfam goats or geese and bought our CWS calendars, and what we’d like, on Christmas Day, what we really want, is for things to be—perfect. Just like the old days. Something new, but also something familiar.And that’s what’s so wonderful about the Christmas story, and why preachers penning their reflections approach with trepidation but also with joy: at Christmas, the news is all good.
Sarah Addison Allen, Garden Spells|Yellow joy was radiating from her. When you're happy for yourself, it fills you. When you're happy for someone else, it pours over. It was almost too bright to watch.
Ellen DeGeneres|We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|I'm actually very humbled listening to His Holiness,' the Archbishop said, 'because I've frequently mentioned to people the fact of his serenity and his calm and joyfulness. We would probably have said 'in spite of' the adversity, but it seems like he's saying 'because of' the adversity that this has evolved for him.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|Symptoms of chronic stress are feelings of fragmentation and of chasing after time - of not being able to be present. What we are looking for is a settled, joyful state of being, and we need to give this state space. The Archbishop once told me that people often think he needs time to pray and reflect because he is a religious leader. He said those who must live in the marketplace - business people, professionals and workers - need it even more.
Meredith Russo|I think I'm allergic or something. I feel kinda strange... sort of floaty and light-headed.""You ain't sick, hon," Mom said. She kissed me cheek and hugged me so tight I thought I might break a rib. "That's joy.
Anthony Liccione|A smile will go the mile, while a frown will take you down.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Yes; he had done it. She was in the carriage, and felt that he had placed her there, that his will and his hands had done it, that she owed it to his perception of her fatigue, and his resolution to give her rest. She was very much affected by the view of his disposition towards her, which all these things made apparent. This little circumstance seemed the completion of all that had gone before. She understood him. He could not forgive her, but he could not be unfeeling. Though condemning her for the past, and considering it with high and unjust resentment, though perfectly careless of her, and though becoming attached to another, still he could not see her suffer, without the desire of giving her relief. It was a remainder of former sentiment; it was an impulse of pure, though unacknowledged friendship; it was a proof of his own warm and amiable heart, which she could not contemplate without emotions so compounded of pleasure and pain, that she knew not which prevailed.
Kabelo Mabona|Today when you meet someone, try not to complain, judge or criticise. The least you can do is to give them love, joy, and put smile on their face.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|Spring is made of solid, fourteen-karat gratitude, the reward for the long wait. Every religious tradition from the northern hemisphere honors some form of April hallelujah, for this is the season of exquisite redemption, a slam-bang return to joy after a season of cold second thoughts.
Oscar Wilde, The Star-Child and Other Tales|So overjoyed were they at their deliverance that they laughed aloud, and the Earth seemed to them like a flower of silver, and the Moon like a flower of gold.
Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars|Ester would tell her to dance faster, leap higher, to laugh out loud with all the breath in lungs. That’s what the dead would tell the living, if they could—to grab hold of joy whenever it comes.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|The moon and the stars sigh. The days elude them, but they are the ones who witness the sorrows of the night. How they wish they could resolve the unbound grief of the human heart. If only, they could know what it was looking for. If only, unbound joy could be the answer.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All things want to float as light as air through the world witnessing all that is. I am a mote of dust floating freely in the firmament, a person who merely is, and I feel full of joy for all worldly treasures, the immaculate gift of life.
William Paul Young|There is something joyful about storms, that interrupt routine. Snow or freezing rain suddenly releases you from expectations, performance demands, and the tyranny of appointments and schedules. And unlike illness, it is largely a corporate, rather than individual experience. One could almost hear a unified sigh rise from the nearby city and surrounding countryside, where nature has intervened to give respite to the weary humans slogging it out within her purview. All those affected this way are united by a mutual excuse, and the heart is suddenly, and unexpectedly, a little giddy. There will be no apologies needed for not showing up to some commitment or other. Everyone understands and shares in this singular justification, and the sudden alleviation of the pressure to produce makes the heart merry....Even if it's hardly more than a day or two, somehow each person feels like the master of his or her own world, simply because those little droplets of water freeze as they hit the ground. Even commonplace activities become extraordinary. Routine choices become adventures and are often experienced with a sense of heightened clarity.
Kari L. Greenaway, Hope Doesn't Hide|For joy alone, Carries a fountain of youth.Laughter's music, Will wrinkle smooth.- Poem Fountain of Youth
Susan Samaroo|Along our journey we will be confronted with many situations, some will be filled with joy, and some will be filled with heartache. How we react to what we are faced will determine what kind of outcome the rest of our journey through life will be like.
Iris Murdoch, The Sandcastle|While the light remains,' said Carde, speaking slowly in his high deliberate voice, 'only do not forsake the joy of life. If you shall have given all your kisses, you will give too few. And as leaves fall from withered wreaths which you may see spread upon the cups and floating there, so for us, who now as lovers hope for so much, perhaps tomorrow's day will close the doom.
Chester Elijah Branch, Lecture Notes|Often person X can only find happiness when they feel that person Y can see how happy they are... This is the lowest level of happiness - what I call the tyranny of happiness. I like how Brian Miller draws a contrast between the tyranny of happiness and true joy.“Unlike [the tyranny of] happiness, joy is never in our power. It’s not something we can make or choose for ourselves. Instead it’s the sensation that Lewis says jumps under one’s ribs, tickles down one’s back, makes one forget meals and keeps one delighted. It’s an enormous comfort, under all this pressure to be happy, to remember that you don’t have to be in control. You can instead be surprised by joy. – B. Miller
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Nothing has to be funny, sometimes I just laugh to unclog my soul.
Sunday Adelaja|Usually when we talk about blessings, we experience joy and anticipation of a greater presence of God in our lives
litymunshi|you have everything. still ,you have nothing . sad .
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|But Mary had not come into the world to be sad or to help another to be sad. Sorrowful we may often have to be, but to indulge in sorrow is either not to know or to deny God our Saviour. True, her heart ached for Letty; and the ache immediately laid itself as close to Letty's ache as it could lie; but that was only the advance-guard of her army of salvation, the light cavalry of sympathy: the next division was help; and behind that lay patience, and strength, and hope, and faith,and joy. This last, modern teachers, having failed to regard it as a virtue, may well decline to regard as a duty; but he is a poor Christian indeed in whom joy has not at least a growing share, and Mary was not a poor Christian--at least, for the time she had been learning, and as Christians go in the present aeon of their history.
Herbert Read, To Hell with Culture|You cannot impose a culture from the top--it must come from under. It grows out of the soil, out of the people, out of their daily life and work. It is a spontaneous expression of their joy of life, of their joy in work, and if this does not exist, the culture will not exist. Joy is a spiritual quality, an impalpable quality: that too cannot be forced. It must be an inevitable state of mind, born of the elementary processes of life, a by-product of natural human growth.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|We are fragile creatures, and it is from this weakness, not despite it, that we discover the possibility of true joy.
Kierra C.T. Banks|Im not looking for perfection, just perfect flaws.
Christian Wiman, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer|It is as if joy were the default setting of human emotion, not the furtive, fugitive glimpses it becomes in lives compromised by necessity, familiarity, ‘maturity,’ suffering. You must become as little children, Jesus said, a statement that is often used to justify anti-intellectualism and the renunciation of reason, but which I take actually to mean that we must recover this sense of wonder, this excess of spirit brimming out of the body.
Dariush Youkhaneh, Serving the living God|There are people out there waiting for you. Indeed, you are the only one who can bring joy in the heart of people. Yes, sometimes only with one smile.
James Agee, A Death in the Family|...and gentle happy and peaceful, tasting the mean goodness of their living like the last of their suppers in their mouths.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|The young man murmured in his sleep and said, “Dear Sparrow,” and Sparrow felt, for the first time, how the purest joy could be a heaviness.
John Ortberg, The Life You've Always Wanted: Spiritual Disciplines for Ordinary People|True joy, as it turns out, comes only to those who have devoted their lives to something greater than personal happiness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the greatest sorrow, we shall find the grace of joy.
Tony Reinke, The Joy Project: A True Story of Inescapable Happiness|What is most decisive is God's Joy Project is not that we fully grasp it, but that our sovereign God fully grasps us.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|No, it was not regret which made Anne's heart beat in spite of herself, and brought the colour into her cheeks when she thought of Captain Wentworth unshackled and free. She had some feelings which she was ashamed to investigate. They were too much like joy, senseless joy!
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|Discovering more joy does not, save us from th inevitability of hardship and heartbreak. In fact, we may cry more easily, but we will laugh more easily too. Perhaps we are just more alive. Yet as we discover more joy, we can face suffering in a way that ennobles rather than embitters. We have hardship without becoming hard. We have heartbreaks without being broken.
Erik Pevernagie|Happiness is an undercurrent of sensitivity and leads a surreptitious life: it is an internal eventuality. We can feel it in stillness and it stands the test of time. Joy is an eruption of cheerful moments and we want to express it: it is an external eventuality. We might shout it out, as it conveys a dynamic of fleeting instants. Joy gives voice to “en-joy-ment”. ("The grass was greener over there")
John O'Leary, On Fire: The 7 Choices to Ignite a Radically Inspired Life|The number one joy indicator, the one thing that will predict whether someone feels joy in their life or not, is the practice of gratitude.
St. Francis de Sales|The everlasting God has in His wisdom foreseen from eternity the cross that He now presents to you as a gift from His inmost heart. This cross He now sends you He has considered with His all-knowing eyes, understood with His divine mind, tested with His wise justice, warmed with loving arms and weighed with His own hands to see that it be not one inch too large and not one ounce too heavy for you. He has blessed it with His holy Name, anointed it with His consolation, taken one last glance at you and your courage, and then sent it to you from heaven, a special greeting from God to you, an alms of the all-merciful love of God.
Kiran Shaikh|I realized during some of the darkest moments of my life, that the most beautiful and precious happiness in the world is the Joy of Giving.
Petra Hermans|Michael Ende + Petra HermansThere is joy of life.AmenNovember 20, 2016
John O'Leary, On Fire: The 7 Choices to Ignite a Radically Inspired Life|The things that people were the most grateful for were the ordinary things in life. The sound of your spouse’s laugh, the smell of morning coffee, the echo of children playing in the yard. The little things. In waiting for the big moments—the vacations, the retirements, the birthdays—we risk missing the experiences of life most worthy of celebrating.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|HAPPINESS is based on externals; it fluctuates up and down every day. JOY, on the other hand, is internal; it can be cultivated and nurtured. We can be joyful even in the midst of a chaotic, unpredictable world.
Laurie Buchanan PhD|Empowering beliefs are ideas that launch us forward and help us to become the person we want to be. Empowering beliefs are freeing, encouraging, and inclusive; they nurture and uplift. When we find ourselves harboring a limiting belief, we need to replace it with one that cultivates joy.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We have a choice. We can be jaded by what we’ve lost, or joyous over what that thing had accomplished while we had it.
Douglas Carlton Abrams, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|When you are grateful,' Brother Steindl-Rast explained, 'you are not fearful, and when you are not fearful, you are not violent. When you are grateful, you act out of a sense of enough and not out of a sense of scarcity, and you are willing to share. If you are grateful, you are enjoying the differences between people and respectful to all people. The grateful world is a world of joyful people. Grateful people are joyful people. A grateful world is a happy world.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|The more time you spend thinking about yourself, the more suffering you will experience.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|I laugh at him, and behind us, several Inquisitors stir in surprise at the sound. Only Magiano can coax joy out of me so easily.
Jeanette Walls|... I hadn't been paying attention to things like the sunrise, but that old sun had been coming up anyway. It didn't really care how I felt, it was going to rise and set regardless of whether I noticed it, and if I was going to enjoy it, that was up to me.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An enlightened person strives to live a meaningful life, defined by their personal humility joy, passion, and profound reverence for life.
Toni Sorenson|If you want to discover your true purpose for existing, all you have to do is look deeply into the things that bring you joy.
Henry David Thoreau|I suppose that I have not many months to live: but of course I know nothing about it. I may add that I am enjoying existence as much as ever, and regret nothing.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Her eyes are shining; she’s excited now, ready to go. For a moment, standing in the fuzzy haze of sunlight still penetrating the blinds, she appears to be glowing, as though lit up by some internal flame. And now I know why they invented words for love, why they had to: It’s the only thing that can come close to describing what I feel in that moment, the baffling mixture of pain and pleasure and fear and joy, all running sharply through me at once.
Alastair Reynolds|Yves Klein said it was the essence of colour itself: the colour that stood for all other colours. A man once spent his entire life searching for a particular shade of blue that he remembered encountering in childhood. He began to despair of ever finding it, thinking he must have imagined that precise shade, that it could not possibly exist in nature. Then one day he chanced upon it. It was the colour of a beetle in a museum of natural history. He wept for joy.’- "Zima Blue" by Alastair Reynolds
Patricia Highsmith|What immense satisfaction it must be to fashion a story like [Maupassant's]! One must say 'fashion' because it is not merely writing, but massing and cutting away like a sculptor, chiseling lean and clear. And to put one's work confidently in the crucible of Time; to know that in six perfect pages is the finest form of one's idea: This satisfaction is the only true reward of the artist, and this his highest possible joy on Earth.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our most intense joy comes not from personal feats, but from helping other persons achieve their goals. We become suppler human beings when we find true joy in witnessing other people’s successes and unabashedly share in their joyful accomplishments.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must discover our own path to joy and a sense of leading a purposeful existence. I spent the first part of life attempting to discern what a man ought to be, and spent the latter years attempting to reconcile why I was not the man whom I always aspired to be. A person endures a tragic consumption of the spirit when they discover that they are not what they desired to become.
Shana Chartier|Even on the silent days, believe your ship will come.
Alastair Reynolds, House of Suns|Making love was a game of echoes. We had shared memories so many times that when I made love to her, I knew exactly how it felt to be Purslane. I could taste and feel her other lovers and she could taste and feel mine, each experience reaching away like a reflection in a hall of mirrors, diminishing into a kind of carnal background radiation, a sea of sensuous experience. I had been a girl once, then a thousand men and women and all their lovers. The stasis field locked on. The Synchromesh took hold. I hurtled into my own future, while my ship ate space and time.- "House of Suns" by Alastair Reynolds
Patricia Schartle|My first impression of [Patricia Highsmith] was a loneliness, a sadness in one so young (we were both in our early thirties) with absolutely no sense of joy or balance. Gauche to an extreme, really physically clumsy as well as boyish, it was almost impossible to put her at ease. It was as if she felt a deep distrust of everything.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The foremost calling of the human brain is to script a safe, secure, and joyous future for a person.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Joy always follows on the heels of pain. If a person escapes a mindset that current events represent an ongoing tragedy, they will encounter and comprehend all the beauty that surrounds them. We find bliss by living alertly and unequivocally accepting whatever is occurring in the present moment. If a person realizes that the present moment is all that matters, they will gain an inner stillness and appreciate the beauty and joy of each day.
Genereux Philip|If God could run out of grace, He would’ve for me by now. And yet every morning I wake up, He says, “There is more, there is still more.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We each want nothing more than to live for the moment. Nature hardwired us perpetually to follow the call of the wild, cull all the highs in life, and rejoice in life by dancing, singing, jumping, building nests, creating beauty, and playing with our young. We each find ourselves happiest when we are engaging in conduct that makes us feel alive.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Joy cannot be confused with the mere absence sorrow, misinterpreted as experiencing minimal despair, or misunderstood as living without crippling trepidation. Bliss necessarily encompasses uncompromising acceptance of life’s defining permutations. Emotional harmony necessitates beholding the pleasant and unpleasant exigencies of life while expressing unstinting appreciation for the ordinary and the extraordinary events in our lives. Joyfulness transcends the variations in physical and emotional demands exerted upon us. Elation for life allows us to rise above environmental determinates and associated stresses that might otherwise vex our souls including death and other sorrowful events.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Nienor ran on into the woods until she was spent, and then fell, and slept, and awoke; and it was a sunlit morning, and she rejoiced in light as it were a new thing, and all things else that she saw seemed new and strange, for she had no names for them.
Sunjeev Sahota, The Year of the Runaways|Nothing can come of nothingness, the granthi had said. So to know joy, compassion, sympathy - to feel love - means also to have in the world their opposites.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|I don’t remember now who took the photo of us, but I’ve had it in my room for years. We’re leaning out of our windows and we’re laughing at each other with joyfulness purer than anything to do with the polite smiling you get used to doing when you get older. The photo has the kind of proper smiles that happen when you’re looking straight into the face of someone who’s been your best friend for a long time.
Irene Hannon, Sea Rose Lane|One lesson I've learned--worry doesn't change tomorrow, it only robs today of its joy."-Charley
Simon Kurt Unsworth, The Devil's Evidence|But joy is individual, and can only be experienced alone. Hell is communal, but Heaven is personal.
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|Our true joy is like those sunglasses we’ve been looking for all over, suddenly realizing they’ve been propped on our head during our entire search. They’re already there, quietly waiting for us to reach up and realize they were never lost at all.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The secret to happiness is elusive because it is a paradoxical truth. To gain happiness, you must first cease pursuing it. Things perceived to provide happiness are like shiny, pretty bubbles that lure us this way and that way, chasing after their glossy buoyancy. But once they are handled, they “pop”—empty—vanishing along with the hope that happiness could ever be captured. Happiness cannot be caught or won or purchased or even handled. Happiness simply forms like a rainbow in the kindest and most grateful hearts.
Jane Austen, Emma|What had she to wish for? Nothing, but to grow more worthy of him whose intentions and judgment had been ever so superior to her own.
Taranpreet Singh|As much as what I can think of life, it is more of a poetic journey with emotions & experience packed up in the form of livelihood. When it starts, it brings confirmation of a new soul entering into the world. But when it ends, it takes away not just soul, but happiness of those related to that life. It’s in the middle of this journey that the best poems get their sequence of words.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Dean's Watch|Joy being of God was a living thing, a fountain not a cistern, one of those divine things that are possessed only as they overflow and flow away, and not easily come by because it must break into human life through the hard crust of sin and contingency. Joy came now here, now there, was held and escaped.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Love frees us of all pain, or of any restraint. Once a circle that ever widens without end. Various colors it shines in our lives to paintExcelsis, glorious manifestation to befriend.
Katina Makris, Out of the Woods: Healing from Lyme Disease for Body, Mind, and Spirit|My life is in full tilt, and I reach forward with joy.
Nevada Barr, The Rope|The exhilarating alignment of the heavens was sufficiently rare that she recognized her moment of joy, thus making the joy that much more potent.
Ingrid Schaffner, Maira Kalman: Various Illuminations|... suffice to say, joy is where you find it- usually on the shelf right next to sadness.
Andrew Peterson, The Monster in the Hollows|I'll put her in charge of the puppies. I've twelve this week that need tending. How does that suit you?"Leeli's mouth hung open. She tried to say something but instead crumpled to the floor. She had fainted with joy.
Angie karan|We are our own greatest teachers. One way to follow our daily bliss is to let our inner guidance system to imagine and acknowledge, all our blessings. This determines the criteria of our day, which is JOY. It puts us in tune with the positive constructive energy and raises our vibration. Making a conscious decision to creating our day and enjoy feeling good takes some good practice but the end result is worthwhile
Trevor Driggers|Amidst the dim & desolate backdrop that was my world, a seed of hope bloomed into a garden of joyous wonder.
Christine de Pizan|By nature man without woman can feel no joy. She is his mother, his sister, his loving friend. She is seldom his enemy.
Richard Baxter, The Godly Home|If the good so loved and desired do appear possible and feasible in the attaining, then it exciteth the passion of hope, which is a compound of desire and expectation : when we look upon it as requiring our endeavour to attain it, and as it is to be had in a prescribed way, then it provokes the passion of courage or boldness, and concludes in resolution. Lastly, If this good be apprehended as preset, then ti provoketh to delight or joy. If the thing itself be present, the jy is greatest. If but the idea of it, either through the remainder or memory of the good that is past, or through the fore-apprehension of that which we expect, yet even this also exciteth our joy. And this joy is the perfection of all the rest of the affections, when it is raised on the full fruition of the good itself(575).
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|If your hope dieth, your duties die, your endeavors die, your joys die, and your souls die. And if your hope be not acted, but lie asleep, it is next to dead, both in likenss and preparation( 585).
Deyth Banger|Let's life bring a joy, and let's realise that this now is a lie and to make a truth. To make a real life!
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|After dissolution of fears, your mind and emotions act in harmony to help you to make you a joyous soul. You don’t need to do extra efforts to get what you desire.
Aleksandra Layland, Ansgar: The Struggle of a People. The Triumph of the Heart.|He believed with all his heart that we should spend our lives in happiness and service, in joy and work, in kindness and in love, and he lived... and died... what he believed.
Robert Ludlum, The Matlock Paper|Truth is neither joyful nor sad, neither good nor bad. It is simply truth.
Laurann Dohner, Moon|I’ve had four serious boyfriends in my life.”He growled.“What is wrong?”“Love is forever.” He gave her a disgusted look. “You have no idea what real love is, Joy.
Diana Jaber|Disappointment, fear, grief, unlove, dullness and guilt are the worst feelings. Learn from them so that you move on. Then replace them with more satisfying and promising joy, love gratitude, pride, confidence, direction.
Simone Weil|The joy of learning is as indispensable in study as breathing is in running. Where it is lacking there are no real students, but only poor caricatures of apprentices who, at the end of their apprenticeship, will not even have a trade.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you follow your heart, you will always find happiness.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|Rather than telling you want not to be, think, wear, eat, say or do, your soul will be prompting you to reach for your greatest joy.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|Maybe it was obsession, but it was also happiness; an escape from the suckiness of everyday life. And when you find something that makes you happy and giddy and excited every day, us fangirls know a truth that everyone else seems to have forgotten: you hold on to that joy tenaciously, for as long as you can.
Charlotte Eriksson|A big group of daily friends or a white painted house with bills and mirrors, are not a necessity to me—but an intelligent conversation while sharing another coffee, is.
Charlotte Eriksson|Build your home in small moments of joy, and you will always feel at home.
Maxine Hong Kingston|Ocean people are different from land people. The ocean never stops saying and asking into ears, which don’t sleep like eyes. Those who live by the sea examine the driftwood and glass balls that float from foreign ships. They let scores of invisible imps loose out of found bottles. In a scoop of salt water, they revive the dead blobs that have been beached in storms and tides: fins, whiskers, and gills unfold; mouths, eyes, and colors bloom and spread. Sometimes ocean people are given to understand the newness and oldness of the world; then all morning they try to keep that boundless joy like a little sun inside their chests. The ocean also makes its people know immensity.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Positive thoughts are a source of joy, love and an indication of our alignment with the source. Negative thoughts create disharmony in our body for example depression, fear and aggression indicate misalignment with the source.
R.C. Sproul, Surprised by Suffering: The Role of Pain and Death in The Christian Life|Those who understand God's sovereignty have joy even in the midst of suffering, a joy reflected on their very faces, for they see that their suffering is not without purpose.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|When Sally stopped crying, she found herself alone, the cold draft of the window at her neck, and on both sides, the rows of doors went on and on, diminishing to nothing, the end. 'What fun it is to ride and sing a sleighing song tonight, oh.' What glories.Mathilde came. And though she appeared to be the... same sweet girl Sally had been afraid of, she was not. Sally saw the flint in her. Mathilde can save Lotto from his own laziness, Sally thought. But here they were, a year later, and he was still ordinary. The chorus caught in her throat. A stranger hurrying as fast as he could over the icy sidewalks looked in. He saw a circle of singing people bathed in the clean, white light from a tree, and his heart did a soumersault. And the image stayed with him, it merged with him even as he came home to his own children, who were already asleep in their beds, to his wife crossly putting together the tricycle without the screwdriver he'd run out to borrow. It remained long after his children ripped open their gifts and abandoned their toys and puddles of paper and grew too old for them and left their house and parents and childhoods, so that he and his wife gaped at each other in bewilderment as to how it had happened so terribly swiftly. All those years, the singers in the soft light in the basement apartment crystalized in his mind, became the very idea of what happiness should look like.
Hermann Hesse, Klingsors letzter Sommer|For one scant day he had loved himself, felt himself to be unified and whole, not split into hostile parts; he had loved himself and the world and God in himself, and everywhere he went he had met nothing but love, approval, and joy.
Charlotte Brontë, The Brontës|The hopes that, in my own heart sown,And cherished by such sun and rain,As Joy and transient Sorrow shed,Have ripened to a harvest there:
Lailah Gifty Akita|With Jehovah- Jireh, life is a joyful journey.
Thich Nhat Hanh, El verdadero amor|The third element of love is mudita, joy. True love always brings joy to ourselves and to the one we love. If our love does not bring joy to both of us, it is not true love.
Paulo Coelho, Adultery|We can't choose our lives, but we can decide what to do with the joys or griefs we're given.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|Maybe it was obsessio, but it was also happiness; an escape from the suckiness of everyday life. And when you find something that makes you happy and giddy and excited every day, us fangirls know a truth that everyone else seems to have forgotten: you hold on to that joy tenaciously, for as long as you can.
Jeffrey Fry|Everyone in your life gives you something. The bad ones give you experience, the worst ones a lesson; the good ones give you memories, the best ones, joy.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|The world is always in a hurry, but I teach My children patience. Live, expecting a full and joyous life. And learn to trust My perfect timing so that you may discover that all the pain found in waiting has a magnificent and awesome purpose.
Angie karan|Like the unfolding of a rose, allow your authentic self to grow, bloom and emerge.... shine in your radiance and In JOY all that you ARE... send your love out to all you touch... like a delicate perfume in the breeze...
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Man is more himself, man is more manlike, when joy is the fundamental thing in him, and grief the superficial. Melancholy should be an innocent interlude, a tender and fugitive frame of mind; praise should be the permanent pulsation of the soul.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Obedience, responsibility, rules and safety are loyal, inseparable playmates. But Love is their wise mother, who knows there are times to break them up, at least for a bit, lest they get into some kind of arrogant, bullish, mischief or completely shut out their other siblings - joy, common sense, and compassion.
Elizabeth Camden, Until the Dawn|Preparing and serving food had always been a joy, for it made her appreciate the abundance of the world.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|If we never experienced the the valuable lessons from failure, then we would never truly appreciate the pure joy of our success.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is sacred gift. There is nothing to lose, only joy.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never know the purest love you can give a person, until the day you hurt because they hurt. You genuinely want them to succeed in life and be free from all the chains that keep them from being happy, whether you are in their life or not.
Shannon L. Alder|If you truly loved someone and they couldn't be in your life you won't hurt them. You will pray for them. You will hope that they find their happiness and place in this world. You will want them to have the best life because love isn't about possession, fear or desperation. When you have a grasp on eternity you don't need to feel time is running out. Time is all you have. Love isn’t a game of musical chairs--grab a partner and sit down. It is a search for the right fit for your soul and life purpose. In a life that never ends you will either find the one that sees you as much as you see them, 0r who knows? Maybe, if there are such things as soulmates, God will introduce you, but keep you far enough apart, until each of you fulfill something more important for your growth or God’s plan. Regardless, when you can face eternity alone you will know what true love is and that letting go is not an insult to your soul. You can smile because the person you loved has your blessings of protection with them and God has your best interest also in mind. You will find that person to complete you because God wants you to, as much as you do.
Angie karan|when you build your life on a foundation of your authentic truth ~ you are fulfilled with joy and enduring peace, you feel you, the person you are meant to be
Debasish Mridha|When you change your level of consciousness and awareness, the situation around you will change with joy.
Pema Chödrön, The Places That Scare You: A Guide to Fearlessness in Difficult Times|Authentic joy is not a euphoric state or a feeling of being high. Rather, it is a state of appreciation that allows us to participate fully in our lives. We train in rejoicing in the good fortune of self and others.
Debasish Mridha|With resentment, hearts burn in the fire of hatred. With forgiveness, hearts dance with pure joy.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have found in my travels that those who keep heaven in view remain serene and cheerful in the darkest day. Forward-looking Christians remain optimistic and joyful, knowing that Christ someday will rule.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|This “I” was made in the image of God for fellowship with God. Without God it is miserable, empty, confused, and frustrated. Without God life has no meaning; but with God at its center there is life, an inner strength and peace, a deep satisfaction, an unfading joy known only to those who know Jesus Christ.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No matter what the climate is, what the troubles are, what the difficulties are, there is joy for the child of God, because joy is produced supernaturally by the Holy Spirit in us.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Without Him our daily routine would become tiresome and tedious, a drudgery rather than a joy.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only the forward-looking Christian remains sincerely optimistic and joyful, knowing that Christ will win in the end.
J.K. Rowling|He had a powerful kind of ache inside of him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
Kimberley Brubaker Bradley|I slipped my hand into hers. A strange and unfamiliar feeling ran through me. It felt like the ocean, like sunlight, like horses. Like love. I searched my mind and found the name for it. Joy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It feels great, to work for what you want.
Dawna Markova|I don’t think anyone “finds” joy. Rather, we cultivate it by searching for the preciousness of small things, the ordinary miracles, that strengthen our hearts so we can keep them open to what is difficult
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|O Lord, only you can satisfy my soul.
Debasish Mridha|With every sunrise, I wake up with a deep driving desire to enhance the beauty of my life by becoming happy and joyful. I have found that when I am happy, everything around me dances with joy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A seagull flying beautifully is heaven; a seagull hunting an innocent fish is hell! Existence is heaven and hell, joy and horror!
Criss Jami, Healology|After each of his books, the writer, for a while, feels once again that he can now die happy.
Debasish Mridha|It is deep winter with shivering cold air, but my heart is dancing with joy and spring flowers.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The inner being is not only the meditative quality within, the inner silence and emptiness, it is the door to the whole.
Shane Eric Mathias, The Happiness Tree: Grow Your Happiness by Cultivating a Healthy, Creative and Purposeful Life|Of all the variables in your life, your relationships may hold the greatest power to make you either happy or miserable
Shane Eric Mathias, The Happiness Tree: Grow Your Happiness by Cultivating a Healthy, Creative and Purposeful Life|Of all the variables in your life, your relationships may hold the greatest power to make you happy or miserable
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is a great joy to open a new path; and then, it is a greater joy to see new people on this new path; but the greatest joy is to see the new people opening many more brand new paths via this new path!
Theresa Lewis|You know you're in love when you open your heart knowing there’s a chance it may be broken but in opening your heart, you experience a love that you never dreamed possible.
Mister one|do not cry , you can focus the light spot with the eyes , the eyes of your heart . smile
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you surrender your life to God, you have joy of His presence.
Orrin Woodward|The things that count the most (love, joy, justice, and grace) cannot be counted.
R. Benzadi|A true friend sees your tears of sadness, And quickly turns them into tears of joy and laughter,Forming a rainbow.
Brandon Sanderson, Perfect State|A person needed to experience real danger or they would never find joy in excelling. There had to be a risk of failure, the chance to die.
Joshua Stannard, How Good Can It Get|Joy is a choice, and it’s something we fight for and choose.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The priceless gift of life, strength and time is our greatest wealth.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Thou hast Drawn laughter from A well of secret tears And thence so elvish it rings, -mocking And sweet.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Individual cultures and ideologies have their appropriate uses but none of them erase or replace the universal experiences, like love and weeping and laughter, common to all human beings.
Richard G. Scott|Attempt to be creative for the joy it brings . . . select something like music, dance, sculpture, or poetry. Being creative will help you enjoy life. It engenders a spirit of gratitude.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Christmas is holy celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. And God’s great love is the divinity of birth: the spirit of love, joy and hope.
Jacob Grimm|In Lower Pomerania is the Diamond Mountain, which is two miles and a half high, two miles and a half wide, and two miles and a half in depth; every hundred years a little bird comes and sharpens its beak on it, and when the whole mountain is worn away by this, then the first second of eternity will be over.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My heart gladdens, knowing someone think of at Christmas.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every new morning brings new sunshine, new joy and new hope.
John Mark Green|Beneath the rust and grime which dulls the shine of our weathered hearts, joy patiently waits to be rediscovered
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|Eating should be an act of physical necessity or emotional joy, not something to alleviate boredom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|To be fully alive, you must never stop dreaming.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is only in the presence of God, we find the fullness of life and joy.
Ben Sherwood|We chase wild dreams and long for all that eludes us, when the greatest joys are within our grasp, if we can only recognize them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You will be happy, when you connect to the source of life, God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the light, we shall brightly.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The wealth of some people is here on earth. The wealth of other people is somewhere afar from the earth. Whatever the wealth may be, we must think of a wealth that is distinctive
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without an enthusiasm of existence, the fullness of life is missed.
Debasish Mridha|This universe was created for joy and happiness. You are born to be happy. Your happiness ultimately makes this universe joyful. Blooming flowers, singing birds, and smiling people fill this universe with joy.
Debasish Mridha|I have to learn to hear music, to see beauty, and to find joy in silence
Debasish Mridha|When we sing with love, everything around us listens with joy.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|This is a feeling that you had, Quentin,' she said. 'Once, a very long time ago. A rare one. This is how you felt when you were eight years old, and you opened one of the Fillory books for the first time, and you felt awe and joy and hope and longing all at once. You felt them very strongly, Quentin. You dreamed of Fillory then, with a power and an innocence that not many ever experience. That's where all this began for you. You wanted the world to be better than it was.
John Burnside|If you had to lose everything, what would you miss most? It wouldn't be anything gross, like the big house, or the fancy car, assuming you had such things. It wouldn't be your impeccable reputation, or fame, or the regard of others. No; if you had to lose everything – I mean EVERYTHING – it would be the things you most take for granted now that you would miss. It would be different for each person, and it would probably surprise you to know what it was: a lilac tree in flower, the sound of a train in the distance, the smell of marmalade or hot buttered toast. Rain on a windowpane. A fruit thingummy.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my friend from future centuries, I am leaving my love and endless good wishes for you. I have no possessions to leave for you. I have a broken pen and a few pages of paper with thoughts that I am leaving for you. Believe in the power of your thoughts, truths of your perceptions, magic of joy in your dreams, and the attraction of your love and purity.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you are happy with what you have, you are the happiest.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Your heart is the roots to God.Your heart is nourished by truth, by God, but you have forgotten the heart.Come back to the heart, and you will be able to know the truth.You will be able to know the truth as the truth and the false as the false.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Though I am faced with many adversities, my heart will not faint. The Lord is my comfort, my hope and my peace.
Grant Hutchison, The Complete Lachlan|There is an unreasonable joy to be had from the observation of small birds going about their bright, oblivious business
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|They didn't get the friendships that formed, the community of people who shared in your same joy.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|People come and people go, but God's love for you remains the same. No matter who decides to walk out on you. God will never leave you nor forsake you. His love is eternal.
Denesia Christine Huttula, The Bridges of Chara: An Allegory of Your Brain's Emotional Landscape|Our joyful moments give us what we need, and then remembering them resupplies us once again.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you don’t make your choices, others will give you’re their choice.
Jill Badonsky, The Muse Is In: An Owner’s Manual to Your Creativity|If you stay open to the wisdom of your Muse, you may discover you’re a playwright, a sculptor, a kitchen-table comedian, a beacon of creative kindness, or a person who chooses grace over ego and contentment over greed. And in that choice you will create an world of joy within yourself, you’ll truly be an artist of being alive.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|This is beauty, love, and truth all rolled into one. This is joy. And now that I've found it, how can I give it up? Life and work are the most wonderful things a man can have.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you have enough, there is no need for excessiveness.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Whenever you hold a grudge towards someone, you're only hurting you. Because the other person could care less about the emotions you're going through. Their main objective was to hurt you. Now you must let go, move on, and focus on your life. Don't continue to burden your spirit.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|In life we meet people and they come and go. But, only God will remain the same. Despite what others think, God's love is eternal. No matter who abandons you, God will never leave or forsake you.
Criss Jami, Healology|Those small moments of pleasure men get from sin, from defying God, are perhaps grace - His final gift still to those who hard-heartedly choose to deny Him. Godless men may blatantly enjoy offending God not because they are free-spirited, but on the whole because He moves them to enjoy it. Sin is, in a sense, still touching God: for a strike involves a touch. Perhaps this is His divine kindness. Faithful men find everlasting fulfillment in His good company; but godless men who strike at the Author of Joy, who are completely ignorant of the greater, for them - and by God's love for His enemies - there is yet this small recoil known as 'pleasure' before the fall.
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|We're programmed for suffering, not joy. The masochism is built in at a very early age. You're supposed to work and suffer - and the trouble is: you believe it.
C.S. Lewis|What you have made me see,' answered the Lady, 'is as plain as the sky, but I never saw it before. Yet is has happened every day. One goes into the forest to pick food and already the thought of one fruit rather than another has grown up in one’s mind. Then, may it be, one finds a different fruit and not the fruit one thought of. One joy was expected and another is given. But this I had never noticed before–that the very moment of the finding there is in the mind a kind of thrusting back, or setting aside. The picture of the fruit you have not found is still, for a moment, before you. And if you wished–if it were possible to wish–you could keep it there. You could send your soul after the good you had expected, instead of turning it to the good you had got. You could refuse the real good; you could make the real fruit taste insipid by thinking of the other.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Live a simple life, doing what you love.
Aditya Ajmera|Freedom, joy or bliss doesn't come from the situation that we think we should be, but it derives from the one that we are already in.
Werenfried Von Straaten|A good mother does not live only for her children. She always has some bond with other mothers, no matter what class, nationality or race they may be. All mothers have the same joys, the same sorrows, the same anxieties. All mothers think first of their child and of children.
Cornel West, Black Prophetic Fire|It is a beautiful thing to be on fire for justice… there is no greater joy than inspiring and empowering others––especially the least of these, the precious and priceless wretched of the earth!
Maria Faustina Kowalska|Act in such a way that all those who come in contact with you will go away joyful. Sow happiness about you because you have received much from God; give, then, generously to others. They should take leave of you with their hearts filled with joy, even if they have no more than touched the hem of your garment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, be magnified for your wondrous works.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Each day, write a thankful note.
Bernard Cornwell, Warriors of the Storm|An enemy sees his attackers laughing? It is better than all the insults. A man who laughs as he goes into battle is a man who has confidence, and a man with confidence is terrifying to an enemy. “For the whore!” I shouted.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Live a passionate life. Life can end any time, any day.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If I have nothing but life and books, I have everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You are the greatest wife of all times and I love you so much more’ said my husband, Jeremiah Nii Mama Akita
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Our power of being happy lies a good deal in ourselves, I believe.
Yuval Noah Harari|If you experience sadness without craving that the sadness go away, you continue to feel sadness, but you do not suffer from it. There can actually be richness in the sadness. If you experience joy without craving that the joy linger and intensify, you continue to feel joy without losing your peace of mind.
Goldie Hawn|So, you know that feeling just before you're gonna laugh? That thing when you get all bubbled up and there's this beautiful sort of... it's like a bubble of laughter but it hasn't come out yet? I said, that's the feeling I would say that... that's what God feel like. It's a feeling of joy and love and well-being.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Every joy that life gives must be earned ere it be secured; and how hardly earned, those only know who have wrestled for great prizes. The heart’s blood must gem with red beads the brow of the combatant, before the wreath of victory rustles over it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes we learn the lessons of life through pain, melancholy and the vicissitude of life and sometimes we learn the lessons of life through joy and comfort. Whatever the case may be, the most important thing is the great lesson we learn out of the lessons life teaches us. If you fail to learn the lessons greatly, life will teach you a great lesson.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Today is a new chapter in the story of your life. While you're holding the pen, what will you write? Now, is your time to shine! Will you continue holding the pen? Or, will you express yourself from deep within?
Shannon L. Alder|People often tell themselves lies, in order to reach what they consider acceptance in difficult situations. In reality, they fool themselves into believing they are healed, until that lie is corrected by time, further information or their own personal growth. True healing comes when we learn to not avoid truth, but face it. Only then will we be set free.
Andrena Sawyer|Misery loves company. For the sake of your sanity, avoid entertaining her.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes we learn the lessons of life through pain, melancholy and the vicissitude of life and sometimes we learn the lessons of life through joy and comfort. Whatever be the case, the most important thing is the great lesson we learn out of the lessons life teaches us. If you fail to learn the lessons greatly, life will teach you a great lesson.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|People may not see you the way you see yourself. But, that's because they don't want to acknowledge your uniqueness. Jealousy is not disguised.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|When they said you wouldn't amount to anything, God saw the best in you. You can smile and have joy knowing you have favor in Him. God qualified you.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Sometimes she worried that she was too happy. . . And her joy would become a restless thing, flapping its wings inside her, as though looking for an opening to fly away.
Laura Amy Schlitz|Most of the time when you laugh, it's because something is amiss - clumsy or wrong or sad - but when you laugh at a kitten, you laugh of pure joy.
Criss Jami, Healology|God loves each person, I believe; although, just like we do in our private homes, He reserves His kingdom only for those whom He enjoys.
Sanjo Jendayi|We as a people have become so addicted to DYSFUNCTION that we don't recognize PEACE (man or woman) when it enters our energetic space.We call PEACE soft, too nice, pushover, doormat and other names because PEACE respects you. PEACE cares about & for you. PEACE doesn't want to argue, PEACE speaks it's mind with healthy discussion & at the end of the day, PEACE says I Love you. PEACE keeps their word. PEACE enjoys spending time with you & treating you better than anyone else ever has but because of our addiction, we say this is too good to be true. We wait for the other shoe to drop. We check PEACE phone, follow PEACE home or just dismiss PEACE altogether because something just ain't right!" LEAVE that phone alone, STOP looking for a reason, and CHANGE your mindset. "Once you have begun down this new path, your vibrations will change & PEACE will start to walk with you, YOU will attract his siblings-Love, Joy, Kindness, Happiness & your relationships will become everything you inwardly desired but secretly believed you were not worthy of attaining.
Sunday Adelaja|People living godly will dwell on high. Meaning wealth, honour, prosperity, fame, elevation, joy etc.
Siddhant R. Shinde|Every day is a part of life, so make it special.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|God is always on time. Rejoice in the Lord! Your blessing is on the way. Don't fear the enemy who desires to stop it. No one can block what God has for you. Claim It,
Annie Proulx|Quoyle experienced moments in all colors, uttered brilliancies, paid attention to the rich sound of waves counting stones, he laughed and wept, noticed sunsets, heard music in rain, said I do.
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|If a person hasn't ever experienced true despair, she grows old never knowing how to evaluate where she is in life; never understanding what joy really is.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|Joy sat in my throat like an egg resting on a spoon, quiet and fragile, but real.
Darrell Calkins|There’s surprising relief and regeneration in finding ourselves within a moment of genuine grace, however small or temporary it may be.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Way, the Truth and the Life: On Jesus Christ, the Man, the Mystic and the Rebel|Prayer and Meditation Matthew 14 AND HE WENT UP INTO THE MOUNTAIN APART TO PRAY This was always the practice of Jesus when he would move into the masses, the crowd, afterwards he would go alone into deep prayer and meditation. Why did he do this? If you have been meditating, you will understand. You will understand that once you start meditating, a very fragile and delicate quality of consciousness is born in you. A flower of the unknown, of the beyond, starts opening, which is delicate. And whenever you move into the crowd, you lose something. Whenever you come back from the crowd, you come back lesser than you had gone. Something has been lost, some contact has been lost. The crowd pulls you down, it has a gravitation of it's own. You may not feel it if you live on the same plane of consciousness. Then there is no problem, then you have nothing to lose. In fact, when you live in the crowd, on the same plane, alone you feel very uneasy. When you are with people, you feel good and happy. But alone, you feel sad, your aloneness is not aloneness. It is loneliness, you miss the other. You do not find yourself in the aloneness, you simply miss the other.When you are alone, you are not alone, beacuse you are not there. Only the desire to be with others is there - that is what loneliness is. Always remember the distinction between aloneness and loneliness. Aloneness is a peak experience - loneliness is a valley. Aloneness has light in it, loneliness is dark. Loneliness is when you desire others; aloneness is when you enjoy yourself. When Jesus would move into the masses, into the crowd, he would tell his disciples to got to the other shore of the lake, and he would move into total aloneness. Not even the disciples were allowed to be with him. This was a constant practice with him. Whenever you go into the crowd, you are infected by it. You need a higher altitude to purify yourself, you need to be alone so that you can become fresh again. You need to be alone with yourself, so that you become together again. You need to be alone, so that you become centered and rooted in yourself again. Whenever you move with others, they push you off centre. AND WHEN THE EVENING WAS COME, HE WAS THERE ALONE Nothing is said about his prayer in the Bible, just the word "prayer".Before God or before existence, you simply need to be vulnerable - that is prayer. You are no to say something. So when you go into prayer, don't start saying something. It will all be desires, demands and deep complaints to God.And prayer with complaints is no prayer, a prayer with deep gratitude is prayer. There is no need to say something, you can just be silent. Hence nothing is said about what Jesus did in his aloneness. It simply says "apart to pray". He went apart, he became alone. That is what prayer is, to be alone, where the other is not felt, where the other is not standing between you and existence. When God's breeze can pass througn you, unhindered. It is a cleansing experience. It revejunates your spirit. To be with God simply means to be alone.You can miss the point, if you start thinking about God, then you are not alone. If you start talking to God, then in imagination you have created the other. And then you God is a projection, it will be a projection of your father. A prayer is not to say something. It is to be silent, open, available. And there is no need to believe in God, because that too is a projection. The only need is to be alone, to be capable of being alone - and immediately you are with God. Whenever you are alone, you are with God.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Way, the Truth and the Life: On Jesus Christ, the Man, the Mystic and the Rebel|Sending out the Disciples Luke 10 1: AFTER THESE THINGS THE LORD APPOINTED OTHER SEVENTY DISCIPLES AND HE SENT THEM TWO AND TWO BEFORE HIS FACE INTO EVERY CITY AND PLACE; WHITHER HE HIMSELF WOULD COME God is here and now. God is not something outside you, God is within you. God is the innermost core of existence. That is what Jesus means with: "Repent, for the kingdom of God is near". God is not separate from the creation. He is one with the creation. When you understand this, your life becomes a prayer. When you understand this, you will understand that existence is a family. You will understand that life is togetherness. When we discover our authentic inner being, the kingdom of God, we understand that everybody is a messenger. We discover that the divine source expands, and we spread love to all with whom we interact. Jesus sent out his disciples two and two, so that they did not have to go alone. They went two and two in friendship, in love, in trust, so that they could help each other.THEREFORE SAID HE UNTO THEM, THE HARVEST TRULY IS GREAT, BUT THE LABORERS ARE FEW The harvest is great, but there are not many laborers. People are deaf and blind. Somebody like Jesus comes, and you do not want to listen. It has always been like this. Rather than listening to Jesus, people get so jealous of Jesus, that they crucified him. Only very aware and understanding people will listen to Jesus. GO YOUR WAYS: BEHOLD I SEND YOU FORTH AS LAMBS AMONG THE WOLVES Jesus knows that he is sending his disciples into a dangerous world. People will not understand what they say, they do not want to listen, and they cling to their ideas and their tradition. Jesus knows that trust is to be attacked. He knows that love is to be attacked. CARRY NEITHER PURSE, NOR SHOES, AND SALUTE NO MAN BY THE WAY AND INTO WHATSOVER HOUSE YE ENTER, FIRST SAY, PEACE BE TO THIS HOUSE Jesus says that the love and the truth can create troubles for you. "Do not carry purse, do not wear shoes, go barefoot. Do not salute no man on the road". Be ordinary, be simple, be egoless. Jesus says bring peace to the house, because only in that peaceful milieu can the message can delievered. Create a spiritual vibration of peace, spread the feeling of peace, and if you are really feeling it, it will spread. When somebody comes to see you, settle within yourself, Become silent. And you will see a change in the man. We are joined together by our hearts. We exist as parts of one heart. That heart is God. If you create a feeling of peace, it will spread around you. If your gift of peace is accepted, it will be good. If it is not accepted, if you gift is rejcted, it is also good. The peace will still shower on you.HE THAT HEARETH YOU, HEARETH ME, AND HE THAT DESPISETH YOU, DESPISETH ME: AND HE THAT DESPISETH ME DESPISETH HIM THAT SENT ME Jesus says: If people hear you, they hear me. And if they hear me, they hear the one who has sent me.
Maya Angelou|To be allowed, no, invited into the private lives of strangers, and to share their joys and fears, was a chance to exchange the Southern bitter wormwood for a cup of mead with Beowulf or a hot cup of tea and milk with Oliver Twist.
Balroop Singh|When you meet joyEven in that momentary experience, This ephemeral emotion unravelsAll those colors of contentmentWhich sparkle from within
Chris Dee, Cattitude|In Paris, choosing a dress is a monumental decision. In Milan, it’s a kick.
Alan Cohen|Apply analysis when appropriate, but keep it on a short leash when joy beckons.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Accept the seasons of your heart, even as you have always accepted the seasons that pass over your fields.And you would watch with serenity through the winters of your grief.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|In your winter you deny your spring,
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|Fast rather than slow, more rather than less--this flashy "development" is linked directly to society's impending collapse. It has only served to separate man from nature. Humanity must stop indulging the desire for material possessions and personal gain and move instead toward spiritual awareness.Agriculture must change from large mechanical operations to small farms attached only to life itself. Material life and diet should be given a simple place. If this is done, work becomes pleasant, and spiritual breathing space becomes plentiful.
Chuck Palahniuk|Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home… it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Joy is the goal of existence, and joy is not to be stumbled upon, but to be achieved, and the act of treason is to let its vision drown in the swamp of the moment’s torture.
Susan Vreeland, Lisette's List|If you feel joy when you do something unselfish for him, and would just as soon do it in secret as openly, then that rings of the true metal
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The real you is not you, the real you is what is within you. What is behind your joy or your melancholy. What gives you the reason to ponder. What moves or stops you. What makes you you is you.
Michael  Sanders, Ayahuasca: An Executive's Enlightenment|Hmm. I think love is about loving all things, to treat each and every thing and every one as a sovereign being that’s free to make its own choices.
Marty Rubin|One should never go dancing with a broken foot, but one should with a broken heart.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|He’s not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander’s delusion—prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded.
James Thurber|The appreciative smile, the chuckle, the soundless mirth, so important to the success of comedy, cannot be understood unless one sits among the audience and feels the warmth created by the quality of laughter that the audience takes home with it.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Isn’t it wonderful that our bodies can give us so much pleasure?” he said to her once, quite simply. They were happy and radiantly innocent. They were both incapable of the conception that joy is sin.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|The statue was of a young man with a tall, gaunt body and an angular face. He held his head as if he faced a challenge and found joy in his capacity to meet it.
Robin McKinley, Chalice|Not all honey— she had concluded— had a specific use beyond what all honey is good for, sweetness and salves. But this honey, it was somehow so strong that it must be for something, though she had still not learnt what it was. The best she had come to was that this honey was for joy...
Marty Rubin|In winter, on the darkest nights, one rejoices even to see the tiniest sliver of a moon.
Debasish Mridha|A flower may die after giving beauty, love, and joy, but it will not vanish. It will transform into a fruit of eternal joy.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|It's time to stop focusing on what others think of you. They think they know you, but don't. They're stuck in the figment of their imagination.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Stay inspired, happy and joyful.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|It's great to be self confident, but some people are very egotistical. Once you realize the world doesn't revolve around you and change your attitude, you'll truly walk in your purpose.
Andrea Goeglein|When you manage your expectations, you let yourself soak in the joy of what is actually happening around you.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Jesus was a man of love, of immense compassion. He loved this earth, the people, the threes, because that is the way to love God. God is life. Jesus is very life-affirmative. He says total yes to life. When you look into the eyes of each being that you meet, you meet God. Everybody is an incarnation of God - the threes, the flowers, the rocks, the animals, the people and the mountains. Love the people, love the threes, love the animals - and through the love you meet God. All are brothers here, because God is one. The threes, the flowers, the birds and the rocks are all your brothers, because they all come from the one source. if you are not reconciled with the world, you cannot pray to God. Prayer is only possible when you are in harmony with existence. The whole existence is your brother. The first step for prayer is to be reconciled with your brother. And your brother means all beings. Jesus is a celebration of being, a celebration of life. If you deny life, you deny God. If you say no to life, you say no to God, because God is life. To understand Jesus, you have to understand that life is God. If you say yes to life, you will feel a prayer arising in your heart, a yes arising in your being. The ego is a no to life, the ego is a separation from life. The inner being is a yes to life. The inner being is a deep yes and acceptance of life. Saying yes bridges you with the whole. It makes you a part of the whole. Saying yes will make you more and more spiritual. Jesus whole message is yes. The word "amen" means yes. You will never meet God, you will meet human beings, animals, stones and threes. You can love God through other human beings, through threes, through stones and through animals. And when you have learnt to love God through all his forms - then only love changes into prayer.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|I cannot detain Love, holding him captive so that he may never break my heart. No more than I can stick Guilt in a pot so that I may boil him until all of my sins are vaporized, rising alongside the screaming steam. I cannot hold Sorrow in my arms and rock him to a fit and endless sleep. Nor can I search for Joy and effortlessly find him beneath the pink-dusted sky of late afternoon, where he waits for me with open arms.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When joy is LOST, hope can easily FIND it... It's only your HOPE, that knows the where about of your JOY! If you lose hope you lose everything!
Sunday Adelaja|When you allow God to be manifested through you, you will experience a great joy.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Many people, who should have been rejoicing for what they've achieved, are rather regretting just because of one reason; they looked at what someone else was doing. Comparison eliminates contentment and then kills inner joy!
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|It is clear we exist in an abundant living Universe that knows no restriction—only the impulse to eternally expand with no limits or boundaries, perpetually becoming more of what it is and can ever be—star-stuff . . . Life, pushing out by creating light and matter from within itself, shaping and giving form to itself, exquisitely clothing itself in an infinite and unique number of ways.
Alison Croggon, The Naming|At these times, the things that troubled her seemed far away and unimportant: all that mattered was the hum of the bees and the chirp of birdsong, the way the sun gleamed on the edge of a blue wildflower, the distant bleat and clink of grazing goats.
Debasish Mridha|When someone loves you, a river of positive charges flow inside you to fill you with joy and bliss.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|She cries,I laugh,She becomes numb,I become filled with joy,She slowly crumbles,I feel on top of the world,Yet somehow in the end,Out of the ashes,She rose like a Phoenix,As if nothing had ever touched her
Alison Croggon, The Naming|...she felt as if her entire body were glowing with the taste of sunlight, of wind blowing in wide spaces and trees reaching their burdened arms to boundless skies.
Sunday Adelaja|Whatever situation you are in, you should find an opportunity to renew your strength in the Lord, so that your problems don’t affect your joy, your peace and rest.
Shirley Hazzard, The Transit of Venus|He was familiar enough with pleasure to know it might become jaded or reluctant; but joy was literally foreign to him, a word he would never easily pronounce, an exhilaration that had some other reckless nationality. For this reason, Caro's wholeness in love, her happiness in it, made her exotic.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|Idolatry, like all sin, is devastating to the soul. It cuts us off from the comforts of grace, the peace of conscience, and the joy that is to be our strength.
Michael McCarthy|there can be occasions when we suddenly and involuntarily find ourselves loving r=the natural world with a startling intensity, in a burst of emotion which we may not fully understand, and the only word that seems to me to be appropriate for this feeling is joy
Pedro Okoro, The Ultimate Guide to Spiritual Warfare: Learn to Fight from Victory, Not for Victory!|No matter how long your night may have been, as the earth remains, your morning will definitely come.
Sunday Adelaja|It’s a privilege to serve God. Above all, serving God is joy and happiness!
Sunday Adelaja|If you have really given your burden over to God, then soon your ministry will bring you great joy!
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|Every word appears in our mind as a composite of everything else we associate with it. We by default personify every word, because in each of our minds, when we think of a certain person, there is one word that is the biggest part of that composite image. If I said swimming, singing or story telling each word is personified by someone different in each of our minds. It is very important to not let hate, treachery or any negative thing be personified by anyone in our mind, also not to give any reason that we would personify them in someone else’s mind. Any space in our hearts we allow hate to occupy, is space that could be filled with love. There will come a time in every person’s life, when they realize they are woefully wanting in the love they have cultivated in their heart. How amazing to think of the contrary: that you personified love in someone’s mind. What better compliment could we ever hear, than for someone to say, that we are their personification of love? I think it’s something that is not too often said, but oh that it was, and more, that there were more reason to say it. My wish is that every person could wake up in the morning with a prayer, that they may have the courage, diligence and desire to love more truly, sincerely and objectively; that every night we reflect on what we may have represented by our thoughts, words and deeds,” Jefferson concluded.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the joy too much:let us trust too much,let us love too much, let us hope too muchand let us belong too much.
Dawn Metcalf, Invisible|You have never let me down. You are always there for me. You are the best part of me, who I want to be, and every time I look at you I can hardly believe how lucky I am to be with you and I hope you know that.
Debasish Mridha|Every new friend is a fresh flower with endless beauty, love and joy.
Dawn Metcalf, Invisible|Joy, you are my everything. You are everything that matters to me. Tell me that you understand. Tell me that you feel this, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you spend time in the presence of God, you will experience everlasting peace and joy.
Debasish Mridha|Ah! Let the soul dance with joyLet us sit in dark deep silencenow feel, see and enjoy!
Debasish Mridha|My mission in life is to be kind, compassionate, caring, sharing and loving in order to feel the deepest joy of life.
Frederick Buechner, Secrets in the Dark: A Life in Sermons|We are above all things loved--that is the good news of the gospel--and loved not just the way we turn up on Sundays in our best clothes and on our best behavior and with our best feet forward, but loved as we alone know ourselves to be, the weakest and shabbiest of what we are along with the strongest and gladdest. To come together as people who believe that just maybe this gospel is actually true should be to come together like people who have just won the Irish Sweepstakes. It should have us throwing our arms around each other like people who have just discovered that every single man and woman in those pews is not just another familiar or unfamiliar face but is our long-lost brother and our long-lost sister because despite the fact that we have all walked in different gardens and knelt at different graves, we have all, humanly speaking, come from the same place and are heading out into the same blessed mystery that awaits us all. This is the joy that is so apt to be missing, and missing not just from church but from our own lives--the joy of not just managing to believe at least part of the time that it is true that life is holy, but of actually running into that holiness head-on.
Julie Anne Peters|When you discover the joy of reading, your mind opens to a world of wondrous discoveries and infinite possibilities.
Dawn Metcalf, Invisible|Never let me lose you, Ink. Never let me screw this up. And never think for one moment that I don't love you, need you or want you with me.
Dawn Metcalf, Invisible|I love you, Ink, and I want you-only you. Being strong doesn't mean I don't want you too. You are the only person who knows every part of my life, every part of me in it, the good and the bad and the horrible, and you still love me. You are always with me, even when you're not there. And when you're not there, I can feel it, like an empty space where you ought to be, and I can hardly wait until you're back to fill it again. Neither world feels like it fits, but we belong.
Réné Gaudette|Joy is not something you look for, it is simply something you have to choose to apply.
Jeremiah Burroughs|...there is more good in contentment, than there is in the thing that you would fain have to cure your discontent...
Debasish Mridha|Always give away your pure love without expecting any love in return. The universe will fill your heart with an abundance of love, joy and happiness again and again.
Debasish Mridha|Every moment is precious and beautiful, filled with love, joy, peace, tranquility, and serenity.
Debasish Mridha|Let us talk about our love, joy and happiness. Let us forgive and forget talking about misery and sadness.
Debasish Mridha|The moment you feel joy, the moment you laugh and change your perception, you change your immunity, your body chemistry, and your whole well-being.
Debasish Mridha|The universe created us for and with love, joy, charm and beauty; but we are always running behind what is dirty.
Debasish Mridha|When you think of someone with love, your heart dances with joy.
Debasish Mridha|To feel pure joy, the road of peace is the only road we should walk.
Debasish Mridha|Let me go where love is abundant, peace is plentiful, and joy is in the air.
Debasish Mridha|If love and kindness is life's investment, then joy and happiness will be life's profit and dividend.
Debasish Mridha|We are part of nature. We are here to bloom like a flower- to ornate the earth with beauty, love, joy, happiness, and care.
Debasish Mridha|You are here to feel the joy of life by empowering, enabling, enlightening humanity so that humanity may find its own joy.
Neil M. Hanson, Pilgrim Wheels: Reflections of a Cyclist Crossing America|A tailwind, on the other hand, is one of the most beautiful experiences you can have on a bike. There’s no wind in my ears, so I hear everything around me. The chain purrs sweetly as it pulls the gears under the coaxing of my legs. The soft hiss of my tires on the smooth hard pavement, the sound of little critters scurrying in the desert around me as I pass. Smells aren’t as big a deal out here in the dry desert, but even the smells are more accessible in a tailwind, since I’m moving through air at a slower relative speed, and the smells linger around my face long enough to register and enjoy them.Relative progress, speed, sights, smells, sounds. It all goes together to create a gestalt for the ride that’s pure sweetness, and I never want it to end.Hozho.
Swami Dhyan Giten|REPENT:FOR THE KINGDOM OF GODIS AT HANDThe whole message of John the Baptist and Jesus Christ are: Repent: For the Kingdom of God is at hand.But this message has been terrible misunderstood by the priests and the Christians.It is almost the same kind of people that crucified Jesus, which founded Christianity.The symbol for Christianity has also become the cross on which Jesus was crucified, which is a bit morbid.When you do not repent, your eyes will be filled with this world: the world of possession, the world of greed, the world of anger and hate, the world of ego and the world of hatred.Your eyes has to be completely cleansed before you can see the Kingdom of God.Repentance will open the door to God, to the divine.What does it mean to repent? Repentance does not mean to ask to be forgiven for making a mistake. This will not change you, it will not transform you.What John the Baptist and Jesus Christ mean by repentance is something totally different. They mean to look to the very roots of your being, of your existence. It is not about asking to repent for a specific act, it is about changing the whole quality of your being.It is about returning to your original being. Jesus says that the Kingdom of God is within you. The Kingdom of God is to return to your deepest core of being, which transforms you.It is to stand naked before God.
Cindy M. Miller, Is That All There Is...The Journey Within|The truth is tucked inside of me, it is what I want the world to see. But do youy see it in me, oh just let it all be. I am happy being me.
Scott Joffe|It's love for my profession that keep me coming back, not the money. I'd work as hard to make $50.00 as I would $5,000.00. I never scoff at an opportunity to earn a living, regardless of the size of the carrot at the end of the stick.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Ten greatest gifts; love, joy, peace, patience, long-suffering, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Love: The Joy That Wounds: The Love Poems of Rumi|You are my wine, my joy,My garden, my springtime,My slumber, my repose,Without you, I can't cope.
Aletheia Luna, Quiet Strength: Embracing, Empowering and Honoring Yourself as an Introvert|To develop understanding and compassion for who we are as introverts, we must be able to explore who we are, what makes us happy, what makes us unhappy, and what oursubsequent needs are.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is the inner perception of calmness, tranquility and joy.
Shannon L. Alder|What separates people who made their dreams come true is not setting goals to achieve a life the way they expect it to be, but how they expect to be, in order to achieve it.
Josi S. Kilpack, A Heart Revealed|Do not worry yourself so much. Take joy in things that are joyful, there is no harm in that.
James Rozoff|Once you realize that life and love are not things you can possess but forces that emanate through us and through all creation, then you can begin to appreciate the miracle you are a part of. You can release the burden and appreciate what you have had, have now and will have. Only trying to hold on to what you do not have causes pain. Letting go permits you to experience the incredible joy that comes to you at each and every moment.
Debasish Mridha|In the very center of your being, life begins in silence and in joy.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the joy of life, love what you do.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|The rule for J.O.Y is Jesus, Others and You. You can’t have a perfect joy if all you think about is about how to groom your life!
Debasish Mridha|May you fill your days with love, laughter, and joy.
Thich Nhat Hanh|If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today. But that is the most that hope can do for us - to make some hardship lighter. When I think deeply about the nature of hope, I see something tragic. Since we cling to our hope in the future, we do not focus our energies and capabilities on the present moment. We use hope to believe something better will happen in the future, that we will arrive at peace, or the Kingdom of God. Hope becomes a kind of obstacle. If you can refrain from hoping, you can bring yourself entirely into the present moment and discover the joy that is already here.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|And in myself, too, many things have perished which, I imagined, would last for ever, and new structures have arisen, giving birth to new sorrows and new joys which in those days I could not have foreseen, just as now the old are difficult of comprehension.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|Where ignorance is bliss, awareness is joy, and self-awareness is orgasmic.
Auliq Ice, The Law of the Universe|As a being and life form, all of mankind must seek the absolute sunshine of being. To do otherwise is to deny the essence of life; which is growth in body mind and soul. These in turn reflects Self love.
Megan Carson, A Year of Blind Dates: A Single Girl's Search for "The One"|I have found contentment and joy in being exactly where God wants me to be, and that is what makes me happy.
Shannon L. Alder|It is not a person or situation that affects your life; it is the meaning you give to that person or situation, which influences your emotions and actions. Your choice is to change the meaning you gave it or to change your response, in order to create the outcome you want.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|I would venture to say that approaching the Christian Story from this direction, it has long been my feeling (a joyous feeling) that God redeemed the corrupt makingcreatures, men, in a way fitting to this aspect, as to others, of their strange nature. The Gospels contain a fairy-story, or a story of a larger kind which embraces all the essence of fairy-stories. They contain many marvels—peculiarly artistic, beautiful, and moving: ‘mythical’ in their perfect, self-contained significance; and among the marvels is the greatest and most complete conceivable eucatastrophe. But this story has entered History and the primary world; the desire and aspiration of sub-creation has been raised to the fulfillment of Creation. The Birth of Christ is the eucatastrophe of Man’s history. The Resurrection is the eucatastrophe of the story of the Incarnation. This story begins and ends in joy. It has pre-eminently the ‘inner consistency of reality’. There is no tale ever told that men would rather find was true, and none which so many sceptical men have accepted as true on its own merits. For the Art of it has the supremely convincing tone of Primary Art, that is, of Creation. To reject it leads either to sadness or to wrath.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|photographs are very interesting, and you can look into them a million times and still find a new meaning in them, something in the past that was caught in the film itself…
Shannon L. Alder|Your current situation = the life expectations you have accepted as completed, unless you change your comfort zone to create a better life.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|What she liked was simply life. "That's what i did it for," she said, speaking aloud to life... Could any man understand what she meant, either, about life? …But to go deeper, beneath what people said, and these judgments, how superficial, how fragmentary, they are. In her own mind now, what did it mean to her, this thing she called life? It was an offering…it was her gift.
Alexia Casale, House of Windows|...there was something in the texture of the weave that felt happy: theecho of a memory so far down in his soul it was all emotion, aburst of colour and warmth, adrift from time and place.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|Once I started trying to give positive reviews, though, I began to understand how much happiness I took from the joyous ones in my life---and how much effort it must take for them to be consistently good=tempered and positive. It is easy to be heavy; hard to be light. We nonjoyous types suck energy and cheer from the joyous ones; we rely on them to buoy us with their good spirit and to cushion our agitation and anxiety. At the same time, because of a dark element in human nature, we're sometimes provoked to try to shake the enthusiastic, cheery folk out of their fog of illusion---to make them see that the play was stupid, the money was wasted, the meeting was pointless. Instead of shielding their joy, we blast it.
Emil M. Cioran|For the normal man, life is an undisputed reality; only the sick man is delighted by life and praises it so that he won't collapse.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Happiness must be a jealous pet. When you try seeking yours out, it tends to keep hidden. But as soon as you turn to help a friend find his, your own happiness comes bounding out of the darkness like some crazed animal.
Paula Heller Garland|I may not always like at times, but life is a beautiful blend of joy, tragedy and dreams. If not for one, I could not have the other.
Shannon L. Alder|There is an excitement in creating a life, rather than maintaining a life you are not excited about living.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Socrates used to say, "Philosophers can be happy without music;" and Christians can be happier than philosophers when all outward causes of rejoicing are withdrawn.
Auliq Ice|Laughter is like a windshield wiper, it doesn't stop the rain but allows us to keep going.
Christiane Northrup|[A]ny ecstatic experience can be healing not just for you but for others. Therapy is good to help you think differently and break patterns of pessimistic thinking or negative self-talk. But we have to be joyful, dance, and bring pleasure into our lives deliberately.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The Yogic sages say that all the pain of a human life is caused by words, as is all the joy. We create words to define our experience and those words bring attendant emotions that jerk us around like dogs on a leash.
Suzette R. Hinton|Owning the sound--Wow!--that is what brings joy to every step. That is what causes people to wake up every morning excited about their day. That is what leaves them energized rather than exhausted like before. There is a sound. And as your coach, I help you to go from cosigning on everybody else’s sound to owning your own sound.
Suzette R. Hinton|We know how to work hard. We know how to go for the goal. We know how to achieve, achieve, achieve but we don’t know how to enjoy the journey.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Meditation: Bringing Mindfulness into Everyday Life|The University Student who accessed JoyI once asked several university students at a mindfulness workshop why they were so stressed. Below is a conversation I had with a young student:“Why do you get yourself so stressed out?” “Because I have so much work to do in order to pass my masters degree”, replied the student.“Is the degree important to you?”“Of course it’s important. If I pass, I’ll have the chance to work for a law firm and eventually become a junior partner”.“Why do you want to become a junior partner?”“So that I can work my way up the ladder, have more influence and earn a lot of money”. “Why do you want to have a lot of influence and earn a lot of money?” I asked.“If I have a lot of money and influence, I will have enough financial muscle to provide everything for my future wife and children.” “Do you have your own family yet?” “Not at the moment. I’m single but I want to prepare myself”, the student replied. “So, why do you want a partner and children?” “Because, I’ll feel complete and satisfied”, the student replied. “Do you mean that you will feel happier if you have all of these things?”“Yeah, that’s it! I want to be happy and feel good about myself. I want happiness”. “Why don’t you just decide to be happy right now rather than spending most of your time desperately hoping to find happiness in something that hasn’t happened yet? You can still create your own reality and meet your dream partner but you can start to feel happy now before you meet her”.This conversation helped the student to see the futility of booking appointments in the future to be happy, when he could consciously make that choice in the present moment and also that he would have a much better chance of attracting his dream career and partner if he was vibrating joy in the present moment. The wonderful realization of mindful living is that we do not need an excuse to be happy and serene. Being joyful comes as a result of being mindful. Nothing more is required from us apart from honouring the nowness of life. What a startling revelation!!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This is what rituals are for. We do spiritual ceremonies as human beings in order to create a safe resting place for our most complicated feelings of joy or trauma, so that we don't have to haul those feelings around with us forever, weighing us down. We all need such places of ritual safekeeping.
Jill Telford|Start each day asking, "How do I want others to feel?" Then act accordingly. xo
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|To drive free, to love free, to court destruction with taunts. One brief house of madness and joy!
Seth Adam Smith, Your Life Isn't for You: A Selfish Person's Guide to Being Selfless|When we're constantly thinking about ourselves, our world shrinks.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Many are never satisfied. They always want more ; and then when they get more, they are still not content. I think mostly because they are trying to keep up with others. You have to live within your means or you'll find yourself trying to dig your way out of a hole. Whatever is meant for you is for you. Don't lose yourself trying to live another's life
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|If you are standing in one place waiting for something to change, you may be there for a while. You've got to move. Step up and take a swing. Make something happen
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|They may throw sticks, stones, or bricks, but nothing they do will hurt you. You are protected by God. He is forever got you covered and the enemy is defeated. Their hatred towards you is a reflection of the evilness on their inside which is slowly destroying them. A person like that must deal with the matters of their heart.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|In the Light of your Wisdom, You Shine. In the Midst of your Truth, Your Faith is Evident. From inside your Spirit, You are Love.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Prayer still works, you need not be so quick to judge another person. You never know what they are going through. Instead, pray for them. Send encouragement their way.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Uplift & Inspire, do not be envious of others success. You are given the same hours in a day. Make it worthwhile! Instead of focusing on what someone else is doing, pay attention to how you're living and make the best of life
J.R.R. Tolkien|In the deep places he gives thought to music great and terrible; and the echo of that music runs through all the veins of the world in sorrow and in joy; for if joyful is the fountain that rises in the sun, its springs are in the wells of sorrow unfathomed at the foundations of the Earth.
Scott Hastie|Such is true joy’s absolute certainty,Its slow lit fuse that burns holesIn the shabby shroud of death forever.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Even when you can't see, God is working it out. You should not be discouraged or give up hope. Keep the Faith! Your situation is not your destination. God will do what he promised, you just be ready
Seth Adam Smith, Your Life Isn't for You: A Selfish Person's Guide to Being Selfless|In lifting another person, we also lift ourselves.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|The truth is,’ replied Dantes, ‘that I am too happy for noisy mirth; ...joy takes a strange effect at times, it seems to oppress us almost the same as sorrow.
Durgesh Satpathy|Every time I look into her eyes, I get a positive inspiration to serve humanity.
William Law|The Spirit of Love, wherever it is, is its own blessing and happiness, because it is the truth and reality of God in the soul; and therefore is in the same joy of life, and is the same good to itself everywhere and on every occasion. Would you know the blessing of all blessings? It is this God of Love dwelling in your soul, and killing every root of bitterness, which is the pain and torment of every earthly, selfish love. For all wants are satisfied, all disorders of nature are removed, no life is any longer a burden, every day is a day of peace, everything you meet becomes a help to you, because everything you see or do is all done in the sweet, gentle element of Love.
Barbara Shook Hazen|To Savor The Scene, A Book, or A Friend.
Ann Brasco|While many of us admire nice things, materialism and suffering may share a connection. When we place a great deal of our happiness in material things, we run the great risk of losing our happiness when our material things become lost, old, or damaged. Toys break. Cars get dents. Clothes get ripped. Jewels get lost or stolen. Riches come and go.If we collect moments rather than things, these are ours to keep. If we redefine wealth by the amount of love and kindness we afford ourselves to give to others, we can transform our lives.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|how can i everbreathe normally againafter having been cradledby the kind of sorrowso silent, that it nourishesafter having been sweptby the kind of joyso absolute, that it wounds.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Don't always seek the approval of others concerning your goals or dreams. Not everyone wants to see you succeed, just because they are not successful.
D.T. Suzuki, An Introduction to Zen Buddhism|The idea of Zen is to catch life as it flows. There is nothing extraordinary or mysterious about Zen. I raise my hand ; I take a book from the other side of the desk ; I hear the boys playing ball outside my window; I see the clouds blown away beyond the neighbouring wood: — in all these I am practising Zen, I am living Zen. No wordy discussions is necessary, nor any explanation. I do not know why — and there is no need of explaining, but when the sun rises the whole world dances with joy and everybody’s heart is filled with bliss. If Zen is at all conceivable, it must be taken hold of here.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Thoughts guide you everyday. They become your choices. If you're not happy with your life, change your thoughts. Think more positive.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|When I speak of good hearing, I do not mean listening to others; I mean simply listening to yourself. When I speak of good eyesight, I do not mean looking at others; I mean simply looking at yourself. He who does not look at himself but looks at others, who does not get hold of himself but gets hold of others, is getting what other men have got and failing to get what he himself has got. He finds joy in what brings joy to other men, but finds no joy in what would bring joy to himself.
Robyn Davidson|If I do depart this world out here, let it be known that I went out grinning will you, and loving it. LOVING IT.Steve, are you listening ? I FEEL GREAT. Life’s so joyous, so sad, so ephemeral, so crazy, so meaningless, so goddamn funny. This is paradise, and I wish I could give you some.
Muse|Lollypop...the passion contained merely kissesplaced upon lips, neck and cheekthese young lovers of the castleof which our fairytale speaks...
Richard Sibbes, Christ Is Best|Every creature thinks itself best in its own element, that is the place it thrives in, and enjoys its happiness in; now Christ is the element of a Christian.
Richard Sibbes, Christ Is Best|Heaven is not heaven without Christ. It is better to be in any place with Christ than to be in heaven itself without him. All delicacies without Christ are but as a funeral banquet. Where the master of the feast is away, there is nothing but solemnness. What is all without Christ? I say the joys of heaven are not the joys of heaven without Christ; he is the very heaven of heaven.
Scott Hastie|Every new dayOur children's joy is as fresh as roses,Even the birds chatter at dawn.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|Although we may encounter dark seasons, when we're filled with joy we'll have confident expectations that the sun will soon return and dark clouds will pass.
Zhuangzi|You should find the same joy in one condition as in the other and thereby be free of care, that is all. But now, when the things that happened along take their leave, you cease to be joyful. From this point of view, though you have joy, it will always be fated for destruction.
Scott Hastie|For every moment of suffering,Others will arriveThat will instead pierce you with joy.
Richard Sibbes, Christ Is Best|It should be the art of Christians to present death as a passage to a better life, to labour to bring our souls into such a condition, as to think death not to be a death to us, but the death of itself. Death dies when I die, and I begin to live when I die. It is a sweet passage to life. We never live till we die.
Gautama Buddha|Live in joy, in love,even among those who hate.Live in joy, in health,even among the afflicted.Live in joy, in peace,even among the troubled.Look within, be still.Free from fear and attachment,know the sweet joy of the way.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|I Love You! Three words that mean nothing if not followed through with actions. It seems to be more relevant in the terms of showing verses saying. Anyone can say it, because there are different kinds of love. But, few are willing to actually show it. Saying is one thing. Living proof is another.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Idolatry happens when you worship or praise anything excessively to the point of causing you to believe it reigns supreme. All things on this earth are temporal, even your very own desires. Be careful that you do not create idols to worship.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Knowledge of Self is very important, you can't be living in a world pretending to be someone you're not. No one will ever believe in you, when you don't have the courage to believe in yourself. You can not live to impress others solely not giving thought to express your true being. No one wants to interact with a pretender, a fake, a wannabe.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|It's amazing how people can find all the mistakes in the world concerning another person, but look into the mirror every day without making changes within. Stop looking down your nose at others, What does that achieve? We all can make room for improvements. Most of the time it starts with a little attitude adjustment.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|At first sight, joy seems to be connected with being different. When you receive a compliment or win an award, you experience the joy of not being the same as others. You are faster, smarter, more beautiful, and it is that difference that brings you joy. But such joy is very temporary. True joy is hidden where we are the same as other people: fragile and mortal. It is the joy of belonging to the human race. It is the joy of being with others as a friend, a companion, a fellow traveler. This is the joy of Jesus, who is Emmanuel: God-with-us.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Dig Deep! When the task at hand seems to be very difficult. Dig Deep! Whenever you feel you're drifting away from your intended course. Dig Deep! When others doubt you and say it can't be done. Dig Deep! Whenever you feel like giving up. Dig Deep! When life throws you a curve ball. If you quit, you'll never hit that homerun
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|In a world where things are moving so fast, don't get lost in the midst of it all. Figure out what's more important to you and proceed with confidence. I know it gets a bit hectic at times and almost seems impossible. But, you can get there, even if you must pause along the way. Just don't come to a complete stop.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Quiet moments bring you closer to God. It's your silent time within your own private sanctuary. People have so many things to talk about, worry about, think about, without giving themselves peace within. Quiet moments give you access to areas of your brain which allows you to function proficiently.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Everything that looks good may not be good for you. In life, we all take chances. You must carefully examine the pros and cons. People often times have certain hidden agendas. And, you might not realize until you're in too deep.
Royal Cromwell|Joy is what people take,happiness is what you make,pain is something you feel and the more you feed it the more it works.
Auliq Ice|Life is always good, if those who are living a round you are happy with what's going on.
Auliq Ice|Let's be happy the way life takes shape, it is all decided and destined to be that way and we can't change anything unless we first change ourselves.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Your choices are the reason you are who you are today. When you look back, maybe thinking you shouldn't have done a particular thing, don't stay there. Live for this very moment. After all, this moment is what really matters, your past has come and gone. Move on,
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|Traditionally, there have been two major strains of motivation (or perceived motivations) in anarchist politics: Duty and Joy. Like any duality, it is easy to fall into the trap of simplistic black and white labels, ignoring the more realistic continuum of grays. Instead, think of these two motivations as the end points on a continuum, illuminating everything in between.
Ellen Cooney, The Mountaintop School for Dogs and Other Second Chances|Sometimes when dogs greeted a returning soldier, they'd go over the edge. They would have to take a few moments to run crazily in circles around the human, or around a room or a yard. I'd have to take a break from watching, so my brain had a chance to absorb what I was seeing: that there is such a thing as joy being bigger than the container that holds it.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|A tiding of magpies: One for sorrow, two for joy, three for a girl, four for a boy, five for silver, six for gold, seven for a secret never to be told
Bethany Brookbank, Write like no one is reading|I could see it on the faces of people as they passed. I would smile to share my joy, but it was AS IF I upset them with my happiness. In Confusion they would reply with a negative remark. Hoping it would spark a new chain of negative thoughts in me bringing me down to their level misery.
Auliq Ice|Be grateful when you have friends who care for you, it's a blessing to see nice happy people around us.
Emilie Barnes|It's laughter that lubricates our irritations, that releases our tensions, that feeds our joy… it’s the laughter that helps keep things warm and joyful even in the midst of pain.
Lisa Bedrick, The Life of a Christian|Make peace with others. The only thing you can change about the past is the damage you may have done to relationships. You may need to make amends with some people and say sorry. Sometimes it feels like we have unfinished business if we leave something in a state of tension. Break the ice, admit you were wrong, and then you and the other person can let go of any bitterness and move on. Sometimes God won't let us rest with ourselves and be at peace unless we take care of certain things. The Bible says in Matthew 5, "Therefore if you are presenting your offering at the altar, and there remember that your brother has something against you, leave your offering there before the altar and go; first be reconciled to your brother, and then come and present your offering." Another good verse that is related to this is in Mark 11, "Whenever you stand praying, forgive, if you have anything against anyone, so that your Father who is in heaven will also forgive you your transgressions. But if you do not forgive, neither will your Father who is in heaven forgive your transgressions." So we need to forgive others and we need to ask for their forgiveness if we have done them wrong. When Jesus was asked how many times we have to forgive others He said 70 times 7, as in, countless times. Joyce Meyer says, "Do yourself a favor and forgive," because you will never truly have peace until you forgive everyone and anyone who has done you wrong. Amen.
Ajay Chandan|One who hates to be driven through suffering has no right to expect the pleasure, for pleasure may give joy but the pain gives meaning; Meaningless Joy is like anchor-less Ship sailing in a shoreless sea
Lisa Bedrick, Poems about Nature, Grief and Childhood|The more you want to dig a hole and burry yourself in it, the more you need to run and be ALIVE and do things. The more you want to do nothing, the more you need to do something. The more you want to be selfish, just think about yourself and your own pain, the more you need to look outward and try to cheer other people up. Then you will find happiness for yourself, when you give yourself away in any way you can.
Lisa Bedrick, Life Stories|Always re-invent yourself. Always try new things; new food, new hobbies, meet new people. That will keep your life from becoming stagnant and boring. And you will have a lot more fun!
Lisa Bedrick, How to Walk Worthy of Your Calling|Joy, I think, is the main fruit of the Spirit missing among Christians, and peace and self-control are the main fruits or qualities that seem to be missing among those who are not Christian.
Wendell Berry|She was another gift, surely, to us all. She was a happiness that made me cry.
Auliq Ice|Though there are no stars, no light but the souls in love will always shine so bright even in darkness.
Lisa Bedrick, Life Stories|You can have all the money in the world, one of the biggest mansions ever built, be one of the most famous people in the world, and still be as unhappy as Mariah Carey was. Money and fame don't make people happy. Only God does. Amen.
Auliq Ice|With mercy and sympathy, no one will hate to love one another.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Exciting happiness is joy, celebration, travelling, being in bed with a woman you desire.
Tarn dipp|I am an immortal Experiencer. Does that changed my life,no but it changed the way I Experience life.
Kunle Olusegun-Emmanuel, Changing Your Identity|Joy is a decision. Circumstances and situations will scream distractions.Come what may, decide to be joyful in God and by the Holy Spirityou will be joyful.
Lisa Bedrick, On Christian Hot Topics|Random tips that will help you to have peace. Don't do much. Don't overwork yourself. Take a Sabbath; one day a week to do nothing overly hard. Give yourself breaks. Get a massage. Go to the beach. Get outside and walk in the woods. If you don't live by woods, drive to some. :) Get a pet that will make you laugh. Always remember to have fun and find joy in life.
Joyce Meyer|No matter what you do, 10% of the population will not like you.
Lisa Bedrick, Poems about Nature, Grief and Childhood|I know the moment you died,Jesus' face was smiling on you,Welcoming you into His glorious city of gold. I know you are enjoying the incredible light and peace of His presence right now
Vivian Amis, I AM - The Key to Manifesting|When you are aligned with the truth of who you truly are, then you experience bliss.
Debasish Mridha|Life is for memories, full of fun, with friends, families and joyful sun.
Lisa Bedrick, How to Walk Worthy of Your Calling|Most of us don't fear that we are not enough; what most of us really fear is our own greatness. Most of us have a fear of success. Why? Because we don't think that we deserve to be successful in anything. This is why people recklessly spend their money or don't work as hard as they could or do things that they know are wrong. They are hindering their own success on purpose, because they don't think they deserve it. They cut their own legs out from underneath them on purpose. They are self-sabotaging.
Debasish Mridha|Express gratitude for love, joy, and beauty of life, to expand your happiness.
Matthew 2 10|When they saw the star, they rejoiced exceedingly with great joy. Matthew 2:10
Debasish Mridha|We are young, life is vivacious, life is fun, let's enjoy it, at the beach with loving sun.
Michael Levy, The Joys of Live Alchemy|We all shuffle our own deck in life ... The deck is our brain, the cards are our thoughts, the results we get will determine if we are giving ourselves a fair deal. Do you have an authentic dealer?
oladosu feyikogbon|I pray this new year will be greater, smooth and brings best aroma to our smelling, normal burning for toothpicks, blue colours for great celebration, unlimited joy from nw, then and beyound in JESUS name ★FEYIKOGBON★
Michael Bassey Johnson|Rejoice in the works of your hands, be happy and thankful that you are valuable, that what you say and do insn't taken for a ride, that you have rejected the notion of self-doubt and fear, that God isn't blind towards propagating your positive influence, and finally that you'll leave a meritorious legacy.
Terry Pratchett|The first question they ask is: "Why was he eternally surprised?"And they were told: "Wen considered the nature of time and understood the universe is, instant by instant, re-created anew. Therefore, he understood, there is, in truth, no Past, only a memory of the Past. Blink your eyes, and the world you see next did not exist when you closed them. Therefore, he said, the only appropriate state of mind is surprise. The only appropriate state of heart is joy. The sky you see now, you have never seen before. The perfect moment is now. Be glad of it.
